You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see myself as a farmer or a leather clothes, and nobody has chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphans.
And you know that a prevalence is usually something that you fall somewhere in place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollywood.
It's the complicated kind of circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Star, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
And they beat out every week in the baby of the kids, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life at allowing the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to come out of the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were fighting AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Post who said, "I need to see you.
I am disillusioned that we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've ever found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to open up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, right?
We went to see it, we were laughing, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we intervened it, and we took care of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, he became a bottle of ash. And it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that it was very happy today.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first tables.
I was amazed.
My heart fall fast, he was working, trying to understand what was in front of me.
I themselves all around my way around the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't think that it was a contamination of snow about another piece of snow after year.
They are born when they get away from the glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refused to be reserved and clinging up to the end of the end, whereas others can't support it more and demonstrate in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you look at a tabletop, which is separated and alone, largely as you see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a table melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a pack is melted water water water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I approached these tables as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments they exist in that way and will not exist that way again.
It's not the death when they melt down, it's not a end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the tablets that photography is very young -- it's a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a tablet I photographed in Kescarian, Greenland.
It is a little bit often to get a round table.
Here they are.
You can see the left little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and its floating line.
You can see here, it starts running, the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there on foot.
This is a crawl of Greenland, average size.
It goes out of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the iceberg shows a different side of your personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of them contains a baby. Okay.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the fly.
And in the other case, the X chromosome joins the X chromosome of the road.
They both understand and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my activity I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles I work with anatomy history.
I'm a historian for training, and what I study in this case is the way people tackle anatomy -- I mean, human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what you've thought about about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate or I say sometimes, impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with simple twins, two people inside a body.
I've worked with people with engineers, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with academic sex, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit in male schools and conventional feminine schools.
In general lines, we can call it interaction.
Interception adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways to have a sex that doesn't fall into male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray which is the X-ray of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in lethal life that become testing.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But since this individual lacks from testimony receptors -- the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of inspiring analogy.
So there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body is developed by following a typical female course.
When the baby is born, the baby is kind of a girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And, often it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes something is happening.
After doing that tests realize that instead of having aircrafts and terrorist, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, have something called the supermarket glasses.
They're in the front part of the body.
Super-making glands produce animals, the hormone of massive.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- he doesn't know its chromosome structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to animals.
We produce animals and respond to the animals.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the animals than the woman who was born with testicles who have the distribution of independence to the animals.
So sex is complicated -- it's not that interactions are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old girl born and raised as a series, had a joke, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a guy, and I had just discovered that he had a shot and the thing.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a conceptual sub-Saharan hypothesis.
He had 2001 and the supermarket glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genetics were multiplayed, their brain was exposed to the typical hormone component.
He was born with a child as a child, no one suspect anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when medical problems began to have medical problems caused by the internal message, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interaction.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what you know as oppositions, which is to say, they have an open tissue wrapped in telephone tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- they are an end, small twin twins, or international surgeries -- they join normal surgeries not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason they join several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity, supposedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophe.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids born like two people in the same body.
The most long case is last year with the South African coral coral command, his sex was put on his sex in the International Goodbilts of Berlin.
A lot of reporters called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Carlo Smith is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a line between men and women or men and women and women and women and women and women and women and women and women and women and women and women and women and women.
So what we have is a situation where the more you go forward, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that are directly correlated with stable ideological categories are much more worthy than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
As we see, we get in a wonderful terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to work out about the fact that we can tell them in just a few nuclear numbers?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we sent are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and it has different rights than the females of the photos.
There are very elaborate arguments today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to show them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people were put in front of the nose, and if they were still not buried yet.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we have to face the dilemma to actually determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could reach someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
It will be that these categories are much more unstable.
I tend from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am a free fragmentation of the Faces Foundation.
I know they were racism, I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much watching that music courage "supply "Big "The Music, which is totally possible.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the Foundation Parents.
The Foundation parents were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what they rejected our parents was the idea of monarchism. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power on the right of blood transported from grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founders were rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of an enlightened system where two things were being spent.
The democracy was costing democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the story of the Faces Foundation, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were distributed from the supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of sub-Saharan power that goes from a vague idea of birth rights.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and God's God.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were transforming the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what did it happen next?
And women were tool.
Then he came up with the Civil Rights movement with people from the Super True, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color who appeal to the anatomic competition on the anatomic difference, and again, they were too.
We see the same with the Department of Discovery.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the companies, we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to maintain some anatomic division in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should be referenced to anatomy.
I don't mean that five year-old kids were allowed to have sex or married.
There are some anatomic division that for me makes sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two percentage beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both penished in 1975 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them Mary was born three months before time, on June 1, 1980.
Henry, by the way, was born in terms of the March 1 in March 1980.
For the only fact of having been born three months before Mary was attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other things in relationship to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered man now is a passion of the mandatory training that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on his hand, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still have animation categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science was so much at the field of anatomy that we got to the point of having to admit that a democratic democracy was able to destroy?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science gets stuck.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have a chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosome and so on.
Now, in practice they do not make crazy chromosomes to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome of insecurity to the animals.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech "I have drawing a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of your character?
I also want to point out also that I'm not sure we should be based on this to keep them right to the people, because I have to admit that I know that I know about some soldiers to come out that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the speakers that I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature on their sexual relations than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the issue of the content content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured by an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance management.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still going through this thought of thinking relative to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do good work in the future.
We don't live in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a sex change, in which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I am glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that had made a couple of twin twin light to then separate them and so to grow their fame out.
But when the phone asked her the reason for the operation of the operation -- it was a very risky operation, and I said that in that other country these kids would be very marriage, and so I had to do it.
I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum instead of surgical separation?
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to conclude, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think of how democracy would be like democracy, or as it might have given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical, and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomic technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years ago, since I've been interested in interaction, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the cultural studies is that women, in average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the face, one of my adviser I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was feeling feminist -- I was a strange plant."
"Tell me what feminist has fear?
And I thought, "It's the dumbest question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with taking gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I've thought about their question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something female in feminist.
That is, there might be something -- on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very keen to find ways to protect people by the state of the state, it is possible that, of having inject more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with appropriate support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond analogy, thinking less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where they want to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to us.
Well, right now, we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily bring it to the world tens -- perhaps hundreds of cities in new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already properties, and that at the other half I would still have to do it.
They could try to increase capacity by making amphips in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you would face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the nuisance and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those expandings.
But you could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, and when the rules of that place facilitate construction rather than putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new amounts of big reform zones to contain cities and give them a name, cities under height.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and eighth were thinking about the challenge of reform Honors.
They knew that every year about 75,000 Indians would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular elections, it was Pop Lowever published with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time.
He asked Ocean to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk in TEDGlobal.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a lot of testing with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the rules, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need both of technologies like rules to progress and usually are the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's put this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York -- and the land -- that in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause -- October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the TED Talk video.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a strong city is a place where you start with devourness terrorists, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the Honor president called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country forward.
He asked me to go to Texasca and talk again about four and five of the January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dener, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dener.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that I measure at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world applaud correctly.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the TEDTalk video.
I have here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might be able to be in Honoria, rather than hundreds of miles away from the north north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the London government leaders would need to help the help of associated countries, could benefit from the countries that were associated with them to help them establish and make the standards of the status -- so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively bound.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to send their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed these special development regions.
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional limb was 125 to one.
All the parties in society, all the factors in society, they replaced.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another vote, from 111 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21 to 24, a delegation of about 30 heroes was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center in the city that's being built in South Korea, is larger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission for four years.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practically, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that will allow the managers to come in, and at the same time it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
One country has already been committed to allowing its Supreme Court to be the ultimate issue of the last legal system.
There are urban urban arits and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know they've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people saying they would like to immediately change another place.
There is a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to their family to get a job, sometimes they're super-standing mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who have not seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honoridals?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred.
What does it seem to think about insist for families to choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents to address?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you."
I'm Jesse and this is my valley.
But before you show them what there is inside, I'm going to do a public conference, and it is that, living obsessed with suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suit, colored and different for each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of pulse markets and second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand of hand allow me to reduce the impact of my limb in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying becomes my personal terrorist search.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my ball."
will I like the color, right?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the theme of my valley, I want to tell you what I took for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does someone have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
So my inner clothing for exactly a week is all I've put in my valley.
I thought it would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Spiders.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks by TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the methods for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons that, Believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost always see you for less than 50 dollars.
All of the together, including the jacket -- it cost me 25, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Months, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a brilliant red display.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Tuesday. The integration is superstard.
I've spent a lot of time trying to be myself and at the same time to get to me.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Mirror, from the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the devices, or I remind you for the age of seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you.
Jewis: trust is key.
If you think you can do well with something, it's pretty sure you are.
And if you think you don't do well with something, it's probably also true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inside and outside, you don't look at you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to do everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Video: A universal truth six words for you: sliced lentils go with everything.
And finally, Sandwork, I will develop a personal style and unique way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously, all of this is not going to go into my little valley.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson that I'm trying to learn this week is that you need to leave some things behind.
I don't need to go emotionally to these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and bright walk, if there's a little love in my heart and after.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical side, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the attitude of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical for example.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where would you take your brain on this scale?
Some of these extreme ones, but I think for most of the integrations of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big attitude in both hemisphere heritage at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to conceive these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need enough intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuitive? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you can have developed over the years is that one thing can be only in a place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell.
But I bet that playing with that bar of parking was taught by a valuable lesson -- and it's that big things don't allow the transplant and stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they make all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particles.
But it didn't fit my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a higher quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal little metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's just right in the center.
And then we make a good approach to the small metal trick.
What we see is a little bit of metal -- with a transplant form and it will be supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this kind of a swimming force that is found underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but for it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things -- but then when other people go up to stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or actually, stand.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel games of inanimate objects are not only people, it's the light that shines it and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers up.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced an vacuum and we extracted the entire air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being in the elevator -- little piece of metal is free to act as I want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly wrong, I was vibrating. And the way I visited it was like a breath in this form -- like a flower that expands and contrasted.
And when you give it a smooth punch, we could make it vibrate and not travel at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is vibrating and not vibrating at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are window and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down and down.
It's just in determines when those are lined up.
In the rest of the time, they're standardized.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which actually means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth looking at me in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because, look at this, the scale of scale between one atom and that piece of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I'm talking about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was delivered in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned on the lights and looked inside the box, we saw the metal followed there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all objects in the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that is the depth of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Army.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another work on Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is explained simply in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I went from a big education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible to technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better showing the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've carried out from their launch.
So simply, we go to Google.
Look around all the museum that is.
There's the U.S. gallery, the MoMA, the Emily, the Richard, the Google Van Golden.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite ones, to the Metrowner, the New York Art museum museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and fire, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay, or Medical, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and you get fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We opened up the flat plane, and with a single click, we jump in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They divide.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Countersures of Persist Person in the Methane.
I see the sign ...
If the museum shows you the image, we click out there.
See, this is one of the images.
Here's all the data information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click out here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the gigable technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, about 10 billion hits.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 billion pictures?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 billion pictures.
It can run around very simple ways.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to go deep.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I found that kids were actually playing something.
I came up with a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan -- and I actually discovered that this is a game called influence, which is to hit an ocean with a stick the Carlo Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in depth and you'll see that you can really get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to leave the image, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night started.
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this master work?
It goes up and it really manages it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The night state, I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Collections."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manual, that's the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of the Roy: -- we just made a shot around us.
It's about "The Manuels in the National Gallery of London.
You can notice things, send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel when you consider these master work.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museum.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium you make your work of art and it's represented on line.
And the big question that they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think is a picture, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin. All the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting happened in the formula in Francisco 1 in the last two decades.
A few times ago, if you wanted to win a framework of French one, it took a budget and applied it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what in engineering is called real control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components. A sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers in the air.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and actions.
The cities is a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big.
Beyond cities, all these detectors and assets are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Antarctica for the end of the year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Tale To Methodology, "The Methode."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk.
It's kind of like almost all existing atoms would become sensors and activists.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In some sense, it's almost like the old Millennium dream dream.
You know, when Michelangelo ancestry sculpted the Moses -- he says that at the end I took the hammer and he threw it to the Moses -- and he still can see a little metal below -- and he said, "She said, "Would you not talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and accepting something.
Let's start with choice.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup, the World Cup, won the world.
Maybe some of them remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end Zip gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the California in the middle and the Earth.
It's morning, before the game.
The timeline.
On the early evening there are people over here, and there we call it, moving.
It starts the party, silence.
golf from France. Gulf from Italy.
Energy, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the region time.
First of all, additional time.
Zimbabwe, and in a moment, the head.
Gand Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big summit.
The next day they went to the center of the winning team and the first minister then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called City Massage where the people will celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have done just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, it's not about people, but of things we use and consume it.
Today we know all about the beginning of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they are started.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in their apartment by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing out -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they would throw out anyway.
Then we put them a little chip -- a tag tag and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Get from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we shine doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we put on one day still goes there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some change change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague of MIT, Asia Learning, could tell us much more about detection and many other cool things we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act about the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in Zagah.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came up and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces.
And the question was, how can technology, the new technology, to add to that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a chaos and values, solar valves that open up and shut down.
It's created as a water cut, with water.
If you fall the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go through, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bell Clinic.
He liked a lot.
And he devised a commission to design the building to the entrance of the exhibition.
We call it Pacific Water Paleonia.
The whole building is made of water.
There is no doors or windows -- but when you zoom up is open so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salary, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like this case.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter when the roof comes down, someone who was there and said, "Derive the building."
No, it's not that they have demonstrated it, but when it comes down almost all architecture disappears.
Here it is at work.
You see the people who are interviewed by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to not move into the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zartican came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open up to let it happen, but a building that kept making cut and water holes and one had to jump up to not move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people will give our designs to us.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and water pictures on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pictures could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air and that each one had a little pixel that changes of color as if a cloud moves into space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of pictures.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could have a 3D cloud cloud that you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Flagon, going down to form a B, like before.
When the light goes on, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boll -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the New York Metropolitan star and the Millennium Scannin, to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for French.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pictures, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D dignity in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pictures we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Francisco.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a glass of clouds -- like the grain cream, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everybody donating a little bit for a picture.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, as knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pictures.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered by pictures.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serving to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics.
So, it's just a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb in, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital fat at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with only some changes in their genes, you could improve memory -- for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe I'd like to be in better ways, being stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and more secure from themselves?
What about good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like to do?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
(Musical (Music: Creative. creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Take your hand. Let me see.
First. You probably had the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of the memory choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most of it makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imaginative?
Or perhaps possible?
Evolution has been a topic here at TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great genocide of the 20th century, TED, ToxO, who also combined in the Church Ortel Church, wrote a trial called "No in biology makes sense to the light of Evolution."
But if you actually accept biological evolution to consider this: is it just the past, or the future?
Does it mean the other or us?
This is another one looking at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an end, it is, of course, the most interesting one.
We go from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the inside there have been 20 or 25 different species of humors.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, communicated individuals, which comes out of the pancreas out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacterial intestine than the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think about -- when Antonio Darwinian raises the automatic -- think of bacterials?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's cardiac, dark, wet tomorrow, it's very adoption.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without an effort of your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for the bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But therefore, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what about the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony incidentally in the universe, life on Earth is like a brief bomber, the animal kingdom, as a single and only company, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertain part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I first entered college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two child cells.
But when the multicellular organisms appear.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes pressure.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death of the body comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I was thinking, well, sex, sex, death for sex, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, it had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Bureause, who still played in Vegas.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a magnificent dance of clothes.
And he looks at it, and he says, "Come into a sex south."
"It's good," he says George, "I chose the software.
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working on a different goal on the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradictory -- just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to reclaim health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like a refugee rockets designed to send genetic charge into the next orbital level, and then let the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve immortality.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the fastest and even the most intelligent one.
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the bacteria would prove that they can survive the heat of the smoking to produce. If there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that an advantage environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discovered and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confused our environment to adapt to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated -- and we get so excited that it's not possible to have the necessary isolation to happen to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: the gears of evolution are striking up, but they're interpretation.
And in terms of instrumental, when a species as a species, we're going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive and intriguing possibility and frightening.
The new evolution, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more different than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose at at the individual and family.
Think also that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring. But in your own body to make the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reducing the risk of cancer or eliminating the block?
Would you want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it took 13 years.
cost 2,200 billion dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost close to the 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to take a lot to make the human genome reality, for 1,000 and getting more and more at the grasp of all.
They come those changes.
The same technology that human insulin has produced in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells from a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good about the tablet?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
So imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your desk?
What if they could change sperm and volumes, or change the newly methoded video, and give their kids a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminate hemisphere, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want the healthier children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt subsidies -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jones on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster concrete muscle that allows us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be irregulate.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to become the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have in front of them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more routine and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to face.
And the most profound thing about everything, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom that we need to make these decisions happen?
For good or bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making clear, class, class.
Class, class, click, class. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 12.
It was the only one who could talk to flight associations.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot line the plane with the Hudson River.
Often that's not the route.
It took the motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most skilled words I ever heard.
He said, "Predict for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was a terrorist. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I have wanted to have and I never had.
While I was thinking about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is, "Look at bad wine winds.
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we avoid the George Washington Bridge who didn't go for a lot -- I thought about Wood, I really feel a big weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity I also gave my ego as well.
And I take the time I woke up in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels great.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be discovering, 15, 14, 13?
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please fly it."
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, Wow, to die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness became a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- so --  -- and scream.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
On the top of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle of not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenges that you can imagine that it happens to you in your airplane -- and please don't be that -- but imagine how would they change?
What would you do, you still hope to do because you think you're going to live forever.
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents being able?
Thank you.
I clearly have been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy called TEDGlobal.
TED was one of the most important graffiti graffiti graphics.
One day he came home after he ran and he said, "Dad, I feel a humor in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design and animation company, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to pay Tony to Tony, TEDGlobas, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that I saw Stephen Hawking -- is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Does anyone see the movie "Spider and the Maribishing?
They communicate in that way -- they are running with the finger.
I said, "That's a rapid. How can it be?
So I introduced myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check that had no idea how it was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and her father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment: Tony is going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their interior can't communicate it."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called G20 "Graph Research, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then with a laser dot, draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come up, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with attacks to Bush and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot moving things from one side to another one we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of the insurance companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call it Ala because when you talk to the guy you get an email from it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally, of all the corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the children and I, moved into the back garage and these hackers and programmers and constructions and analogy took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid and that when we came back to you would have removed the frames of the walls and in their place there would be graphics.
But for two weeks, we went to the sea sand of Venice, my son was part of my dog, and we created this.
It's called Western Spark, and you can see the description here.
These are a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the sea wall of Venice Beach, some copper wire and Homo Department and Radio Shakespeare.
We took a phone camera, we opened it, we mounted it on a light of LED and now there is a device that is free -- you build yourself -- we publish the free code -- the software is lowered in a free way.
And we create a device that has no limit at all.
There's no insurance company to say no."
There is no hospital that I can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is someone else's room and that's his room.
There was all this billion and a airplane during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life, and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so he could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot.
The funny thing was that we had to engage in parking parking and felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and get me out there so that I could breathe.
Isn't that wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong took something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle -- is that in April this year at the McDonald's George in downtown Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called "The "Art in the Streets."
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best speakers of urban art Basin, Safe France, CAOECA -- all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be on the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage -- the computer, the microphone, the Christian, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel like to do. If it's not now, what? And if I'm not me, who is it?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to prison -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been getting immersed in awful appearance with the only goal of trying to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, analyze them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took an airplane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, some of the rights of my TED TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the following: "American States President present, my TEDTalk that they have no idea what it is and according to content could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it to you or your company when you do it.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a program in progress.
So I still knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I wouldn't have been able to tell you about certainty.
But in the new film I am working on, we looked at the marketing world, the advertising world.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Space: I want to make a film that deals with production of products and marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest movie again."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold is that all of the top down to the bottom, from beginning to end, has brand images -- all the time, from the administration that comes before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Mullah Saturn, the Center Center.
These people are going to be associated with a property -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Music Massachusetts: It's reduction. Is it that? (MR: It's red.
I'm a red person. (Mousanan: I just say that. It was more by beer.
It was "American." forever."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray sponsor in the title but we're going to make sure we can take all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used to use.
The most cool car you have in "The largest movie ever sold in "The Great Film, the best trailer that you have drank from "The largest movie ever sells.
Jarrenating Koffrian, the idea is then to show the brands as part of life, make them fund the film? (Music: Make them fund the film. MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all of the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love to help make it happen.
Robert Fried: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that. It's the maximum respect for the audience.
Gue: However, I don't know how recycling people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective. I don't know if "Infant is very negative, but you know how is it going to reproduce? (Music: No idea. David Congo, how much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half a dollar: Voice Kames: I think it's going to be difficult for them but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big markets.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we will look at a lot of joy.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Sudden Rubber: Most responses will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by the film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS:  It means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Good. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands.
MS: Yes. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where go to go. (Music: OK?
MS: I thought it was able to come up with a conversation out of microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought the concept of advertising was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is not the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a farmer mistake, and that mistake was this.
No, no, there wasn't such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for the image of transparent images in Google --  -- this is one of the first images that they appear.
I like your radar way, Sergey Brit. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- similar of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or acceptance of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it's about making it really a little bit of a sudden change.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps going.
It's predictive.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is something right?
It's going to eat an entire cup of Costa White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at him as he used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only one company, an agency will want to help you, and that only because I knew John Bond and Richard Kibera from many years old, I realized I had to go on my own, I would have to take away the middle and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to go through suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to convince the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge movies, giant and others who make small films, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make the Hollywood films, giant guys, say the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood films, holding?
And the movie is called "The largest movie again."
How are we going to see Bang in the movie.
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my bank, you'll see the Bang Bang.
At any point during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you okay for this interview for this interview at all.
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there I would offer one of these fabulous arms.
Both Justine Fundam as "Vincent Vincent are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have as much for man as a woman, solid, ball, barrel, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a powerful look.
Karen Frank: We are a small mark of it.
It's similar to the smaller kind of movies that you counted -- we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget they have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Bang to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang!"
They are in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Texture.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in your access.
Man: Let's talk about something audacious -- free.
I think "Freedom is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "computer and surface."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep you free more time? With better free, more free, three times more fresh.
Things like those who come up with benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-machine company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man in the street, to people like me, to the common Fosters.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Dome my marrie?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I will revive the 1980s, paper public unless it's a day of lab.
MS: That's okay, what is Gerrian market?
Germany: Something unique. (Music: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark galaxy."
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray and things like that.
Usually I carry access like sun glasses, or I like crisis and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand complete creative, March Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, would call it a case "good" call.
Woman 2: In part hypothetical, partly his golden piece in part Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of magazines.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federal because I turned the market.
Man 5: Man "standard "straight?
Is that something?
Arrow, I'm a lawyer.
Tom Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be market Tom, but I often specialize in the intersection of dark called dark and a casual volume."
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the market personality.
And I found a company called Ozzler Zorm in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nelson, February, Hall to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Avenue: Do the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings, your way of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That one? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come together and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being it?
MS: It's like who I would like to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why to do that?
What's the machine? What phase could you find you now?
Why is it important? What does the red represent representative?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other methods have had them?
You don't have to fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: You have the T." (A: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Music: Great job. A, yes. (Man: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all of this.
Line Zalob: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides of it, but complementary sides, in your brand personality -- the Mark Space brand is a connection market.
They are very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe, they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually get them out and you get something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic one, Apple.
And you can also see Tarahuma, Wi, minister of Prime Constermans and Jeff.
Now there are medical brands and conscious framework, those things that have gone and come but a technological framework is a pretty powerful thing.
MS: A smart framework. What's your market?
If someone asks you to describe your identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a respect attack? Are you somebody who makes your blood flow?
Or are you rather a desire attractive?
a little bit more called, frustrated, conservative?
The release attributes are like being a doctor to be a pressure like the Prince, contemporary and advantage, addressed or audacious like Eric Flag, fast or gay, development, marketing, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more about attack despite?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 0.7 percent?
Are you self-controlled, traditional provider, provider, protective: Do you identify with Opera?
Are you worry, stable, family confidence, safe, contaminated or saving, like the Dalai Lama or Boy?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, releases and desperates, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this movie now using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing as a movie.
We went to San Paulo. They have banned advertising advertising advertising advertising.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no valleys, there are no streams, there are no flowers, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are running in schools with problems in the U.S.
The incredible thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or that I've been more successful are the ones that I've been interacting with with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took off the intersections, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to do to the people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you left? They were success?
Well, since the movie is stretched in the Selfish Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burroughs the movie are stretched in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions, in the media for this film.
This covers just a couple of weeks and a half weeks.
That's just online, or press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's not online. It's not in strategy.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talked about was given their customers not to be a part.
I've always believed that if you get right, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in your aversion at risk you're preparing all your company to look at rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I think, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
Let's take the fear. Let's embrace risk.
From a speaker at a time, we have to hug risk.
And ultimately, we have to help transparency.
Today, more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to take a long way.
And I said that, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We "Are Advertising Transmission has been presented by my good friends of CEOs who by 7,000 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
CL: It turns big data into large opportunities for companies around the world.
EMC presents "Proposition the Transition."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morgan in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 17?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a secret to name from the Latin TED organization, the Savien Foundation, a check, for 7,000 to be applied to my TED assistance for the next year.
The idea behind the Stockholm computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the uranium plant in Natal.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we manage to compromise these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with character.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're from a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stevenson.
We started with a Windows instrument.
The eye goes into the gray box, gives the centrality, and the nuclear nuclear program is devastated.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research on Stevenson six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows, the installation used multiple verbs of vast.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stevenson and we saw what happened with this.
So very strange things happened.
Steven was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after I experienced with different surfaces of cheese, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely directive.
The instrument is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program is trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
You don't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, say, for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We'd better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we depressed the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a little and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I will attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stereo installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, charge is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning was called to function of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we look for temperatures and data structures and try to relate them with the real world, with real world potential potential.
We need theories on devices that we can approve or despare.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent satisfache, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reproduced.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant from Bush and the National English plant.
So I said to my assistant, "You take a list of all the experts in centrality and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to bring their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital piece with the control of the stream.
The engine is that cell part of the centrality, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this broken, you can certainly get it back and even make the character explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and disappear in an effort to go back crazy to the nest maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital eye by looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 16 contains in that code, can't be obvious.
I started to research scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natal, and found that they're structured in what is called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 163 centrality.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And he got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what do we find in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had among hands.
So there's no morning, it wasn't like this.
The results have been brought after several weeks of hard work.
We typically ended up in calding calories, and we had to start again.
And yet, we found that both digital girls were pointing on one single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a card, and making the buttons and killing them, and the big axis communicates with six waterfall and manipulating valves and manipulations.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the device is.
It's Natal, and it's just Natal.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are achieved by Stevenson.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and above the course of the control.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which is still running during the attack, with false input data.
And, believe it or not, these fake entry data is made by Stevenson.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds from pressured video.
Is it great here?
The idea here is obviously not just going to be striking the operators in the fourth of control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to cure a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine goes out of speed, you have to open up values in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator, obviously.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to them, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can exploit it.
And it's not the operating system and the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generosity.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with crazy uranium entrepreneurs.
It could also work as well, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generosity.
And you don't have -- I don't have -- that will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in Steven State.
You could also use conventional technologies to disseminate it.
Display it as possible.
And if you did that, what you would end up with is a chemotherapy of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralify, it has been public in many sides that people assume that the Moses is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Langley: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Moses is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supercomputer.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, lucky.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you for allegianization. Thank you, Rally.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give sub-sustainable skills, or another one that makes you users of wheelchair and go back and walk back.
In Bertone Bionics: We call these robots, exoskeleton.
They're not different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a great force -- that also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to manage the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external contemporary.
This is not an irrational idea.
To show you now what we're working on now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier who, in average, has to take on their back a 45 pounds, and it's getting even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help to manage the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Humaniament -- or Port City Carnegie Coral.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can cover 90 pounds of variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows it to be able to get in cups and to execute movements with great adaptability.
It looks what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then it increases my force and my resistance.
Einstein Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partners, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton -- this year.
So it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the wheelchair users on the wheelchair on what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the room, in wheelchair, around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the spine of their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years old, they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging it very quickly.
His only option, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful approach, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM that is using Amanda Boysful who was 19 years ago he had a injury in the vertical column, and as a result, I couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boysful, thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAM, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the board computer, here in the back.
Also, there are some batteries that give the motors energy in the hip. And in the knees, and they make it progress with this sleep and very natural.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when I was a strange jump in the air, and he was looking down at the bottom.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and all the movement of dolphin down.
Little time later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said, "All Amanda, you'll never walk again.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last hint of hope of my being.
Activity technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to stand up in the course of the colleagues, climbing rocks and even riding in a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda and all the users of wheelchair -- everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, they practice sex to say hole, and the game is the order of the day -- where diversity is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Arab Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobo bonds of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their agreement.
But unfortunately, we've made too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying society, Bonobos society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of big apes of the most.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tangle itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been set up for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction is also putting the survival of the Bonobo.
Catholic meat trade and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the Bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes "make love, not war -- because they have frequent sex and promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kames Surgery.
Bonocros, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and to foster tolerance in it.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity, diversity of interactions, diversity of behaviors -- connections of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots itself of laughter and dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild medium.
First of all, it's a bone ball game, and I don't talk about football talk.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a persistence.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, it has the battles of the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common both in Bonobo as humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into the game -- like the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and foster trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is police.
The game is police, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more trailers, imaginations, curious -- maybe the place where wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Fuck, a young female female, who is playing with the water.
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that game is the key to these abilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that we have to play.
But will we leverage the maximum of our game capacity.
The game is not favorite.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and depressed.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments when it's the most urgent thing.
And so, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we reduce creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for a development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Howard.
When I'm not fighting poverty, fires like captain assistant.
And in our city, where volunteers start to a highly skilled staff one has to reach the fire of the fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a race race against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was cool in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradigm, a distant, as her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I did, "Learn Luther Luther --  -- came first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so celebrated."
There was a lawyer or a management of money who, for the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I walked into a living building to save a live living only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an admire.
He said, "Bestone, I need to get the house.
I need you to go up the fire, and you bring this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It was not exactly what I expected, but I went -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that that height at the time or less had just finished off the fire and entered the front room in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my burden back through the ladder where I met my Neisories and the precious dog on the main door.
We took out of the house the teachers for the house of home where, as I was waiting for, his teacher received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of the house for the valuable effort shown to save her home.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had reached a pair of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer fire I am witness of acts of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also from grace acts and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved or are to achieve -- remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: not wait.
They don't wait for the first million to make a difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They serve food in a dining dining one of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So you go into the game -- save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bees," thank you.
This may seem strange but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1886 with a very simple idea: cement modules from a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges -- a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LGBT came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly light.
And in a few years, LEDs came to all homes.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
LEDs made it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block of concrete in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to added the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks that would take each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block -- the transistor allows to create much greater and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to the experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Littles.
Let me show you how they work.
Little literacy is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're wired to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they join the images.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the supermarket, the blue is the stream, the pink is the entrance, and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produces light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module that's here, and now we have an interpretation light.
We added this pump to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple game, Little Little is actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldiers, literature allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower down, it just looks like this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Little Little is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to literal bricks to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given limits to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start understanding the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light at night, or why the door of a elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led Little Liberia to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with Little Little Little Little Little Little Labs.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and final, we have Georgia creating George.
(Music sounds)  And a few weeks ago, we brought Little Little Lawsuits to Rhode Island designers who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper, and we said, "Make something.
Here's an example of a project that they've made, a confusion-making cause by motion.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a long length of plantation that is afraid of darkness.
For these no engineers, Little limits became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at all.
So Little Liberia has open source.
You can visit the web page, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company sought to engage with the environment focusing on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I know the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they stop -- we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "County for America and would be like some Peace Pop Books.
We selected some of the members every year and we put them to work with the communications.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild.
They did big applications. They worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know A.
This is a head of the city of Boston.
Here it appears as if I would look for a quote, but what it really looks for is that somebody else gets caught by the snow because he knows it's not very good at delivering fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to help in this similar way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of "Come for America."
They were there in February, and at that time I was born a lot last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogen.
But one of the members called Erik Bicycles, I noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he made a good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to wipe it up when you night.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case you put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can steal it.
I mean, it has a medical component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology of government does.
And it spreads viral form.
A response of systems from the city of Honolulu, when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to take signals of tsunami.
It's very important that these tsunami signs, but people are stealing the batteries.
So you ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens clear the capture designers.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when I night.
So now we know from nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without frictions, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit about government technology you know this doesn't normally happen.
software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done it for normal channels that would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
Now there is a project in the judicial power of California that is now costing 2,000 billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
And so an application that is program in a couple of days, and it spread viral shape is a kind of advantage of advantage to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways to work -- not as private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
I mean, without constraints -- open and general form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that represents how to address the question of government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an analogous institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficacy.
And it's not just "County for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And that is that if we stop the feelings about politics, the line in the DMV "Really Record August -- and all those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in Times Ocean words, what we do together because we can't only be able to do it."
Now, a lot of people have left government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And because the government in the last stages of us -- remember that from us, the people? The way that we think about affecting change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially as a matter of farmers.
This is the telephone attention center of service and information.
It's the place that we call the so-called 31 in America.
Scott gave this call.
Ineverment "Cigarette in the basis of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open the doors of the house, put strong music and see if it is?
And it worked. So it was like Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the air.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a application, web and mobile phone, called Citizens Connectious.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people from the Office of New Mexico University of Boston.
One day, this really happened -- it came up with this question: "Warmant in my trash bucket -- I don't know if she's dead.
How do I do to take it up to lead?
Citizens Congo dynamic.
Scott was talking in person.
In Connecticut Cinemaches everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw a neighbor.
The next report said, "I took the place out of the garbage behind the house.
Zarth? Yes. Live? Yes.
I turned the cube back. I went home.
Good night, a grandfather sugar."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of the income income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are addicted and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected to two people.
And you could have connected them with the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we pass the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That is because the government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the surface of the surface of 15 feet.
That's what we call a supercomputer.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that depression that keeps us that is that we fund as something that operates in our against that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work occurs.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Novalie movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the second of the Seconda (Audience "Architectural Project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been related to the government, it's time to ask us what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of them?
We can't afford government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replicate the root function so that it can expand civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act communicated, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot about doing your voices.
You're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrogen, taking malaria, dumping a garbage cube that has a grain inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogen and lots of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not just consumers, we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a vocal crowd, or will we be a multi-expensive male?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and in death shit.
I've spent most of my life in marked communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are saying here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean, this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach themselves with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but if it's carbon, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a material, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia.
She was born over the 1880s, and his experience with slavery was looking at the way the world looked like.
She was hard, but he was also love.
When I was a little and I looked at it, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped up.
One or two hours later, I went back to her, he came up and he said, "Breathe, still feel my airplane?
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And so he looked at her and he smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, in the room, took me out of my hand and said, "You see Bruno. The two are going to convince."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Breathler, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, May.
She said, "Now make sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then he sat down, he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promised three things, Brando."
I said, "Sure, Mama."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is that you always want your mother."
Ah, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise me to always care about it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing though the right thing is hard.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, mom. I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a older year and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers package, I don't know where he pulled them, I grabbed my sister and to me and went for the forest.
We just got to do the crazy crazy.
He took a beer surface, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as we do.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer."
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What happens? Take a bee."
I clearly looked at it with force and continued, "Oh, not you are still thinking about the conversation with Mama."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mom tells all the grandchildren who are special.
I was strangely.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be extremely different.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the others that don't really see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't think they can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been present during the proportion.
My aunt died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to get in, we should commit them.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than what was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate of the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or poor communities, you find so much disabled, so much despair.
One of the three black three black between 18 and 30 years is in prison or in parole.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or in parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not a birthday, but wealth that drives the results.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
Fear politics and water makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disappointed.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you get rid of right if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 74 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they would pass the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel kids from 13 to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no possibility of coming out.
Right now we're in the process of some literally.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In some sense, they've taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the commentary crimes?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding if people deserve to die by the crimes, but if we deserve killed.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed -- it has identified one that is innocent and released from the death of death.
A mistake of error, amazing. An innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it wouldn't be allowed to never be able to fly airplanes if every nine to wake up, you would be stranged.
But somehow we are isolated from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killed.
It's interesting that in my students with students about African history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being lined.
They worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who get closer to me, and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks -- I do speeches -- I give people to stop saying that in our history we were dealing with terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The era of terrorism went on, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial malnutrition and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death row.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good to hear what you say."
Ah, we don't have death row in Germany.
We're never going to be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and depressed, we would be able to run people."
They think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, executed people, especially if they were in their most Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really worry about these very difficult issues, positive things and wonderful things are yet involved in it.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the feedback, which will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues we haven't seen.
That's how we are. Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation with creativity, development comes not only the brain ideas.
These things come from food as well as the heart conventions.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant and deforestation, but also the dark and the hard.
Valley Harvelz, the great green leader talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a volunteer for being in string and being a test."
Well, that orientation for spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I believe -- that even in communities like TED, it has to commit them.
There is no connection related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion. inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women come together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carrent called me to say, "Breathless, comes the Park Stanford. We're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to it?"
I said, "I know lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you come from?"
And I said, "Listen to it.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very virtually, very illustrated.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks came to me and said, "Now Brank, I give you that idea of equal justice justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice management.
We tried to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death penalty doing.
We tried to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with the mass increasing.
I gave him all my best speech and I ended up looking at me and said, "My Mom Memor March."
And I added, "You will be attached to the airplane of the looking very little tagged.
At that time, Ms. Carrent leaned up, put my finger on the face and said, "This is why you have to be very, very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is superior to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a slide.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's an killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is justice.
And finally, I think even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very total, very stimulating will not judge us for our technology, for our design, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, you judge the character of a society, not the way you treat the rich, powerful and privilege, but because of the way you treat the poor, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly deep issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel delicious. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It's tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of hard.
I go to prison and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been taped for them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what isn't it?
The judge used it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night I was wake up thinking, by God, if the judge can become something that you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brank, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a motivation.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a little boy, black.
I started working in the motivation, with a comment that said, "Mountain so that my 14-year-old black customer is treated as a privileged white white white white white white whole of a corporate.
In the motivation I made that had been independent in accident, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was an advanced line about how in this country there is no ethics but a lack of ethics in this country.
At the next morning, I woke up thinking about that intense emotion would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced it, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh my God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car, and I felt really overwhelmed.
I was in the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and period.
I finally got out of the car. He walked into the judge.
I was going up the stairs when I came up with a older black man. It was the conservation of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is it your lawyer? I said yes.
So I went up to me and I got over.
And he whispered me in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was virtual.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this standard money?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was. And we started discussing it.
People started coming. They were all invited.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The cops came, the physical prosecutors came, the automatics.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all strongers because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye he came up to see the advice that he was going and came in.
He was looking at the window and he refused to hear all of that scream.
I kept walking down here and for there.
Finally, this old black, with the care face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost on the table of the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the desert of the cotton was supposed to be operated because the council had entered the room.
The attendance was forged over the old black.
And he said, "Jimmeya, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I went to this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view on the goal with signal.
I have come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't really be evolved humans if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our technologies of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must look like fragment, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep sight in the goal with shark.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a chest. What can we do?
BG: There are several different opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference this spring in which you're going to do an effort to get the funds that are spent today in punishment policies.
For example, here in California, are going to spend a billion dollars at death row, in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't conclude in arrested.
55 percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe that this is?
BG: Actually, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the prison population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the perfect chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against the property, instead of making those resources go back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Britain, you have been excited about here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Love, they grow up the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Announcer: Harvard in Somalia, Lock 3: The police ruins O.C. spray person.
Dr. Target Courts," crazy County 5: Romance 5: Romantic cross.
Lock 6: Social Decoment. Lock 7: 65 dead dead.
Lock 8: Alex 9: Lock 9: Cycles.
A number of collaborators, the narrative -- mass destruction. Tool.
Recession. Bang.
Crisis. Dead. Design.
Oh, my God!
Peter Dimons, these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could be in the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media will prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing more than survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of temporal lobe called analogy.
And the amygdala is our early warning detector -- the detector of danger.
Order and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories will prefer to look at the negative.
That old reflection of the press, "If there is blood soldier: it's very true.
And because all digital devices provide negative news for seven days a day, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pediatricians.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world goes wrong.
But maybe not.
Maybe instead of change, what really happens is we get distributions.
Perhaps enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create an abundance world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, species extinction -- water and energy scarcity, no doubt we have.
As human beings are very good to avoid the problems and, in the long run, we ended up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life has been more than doubled, average per capita income per inflation has been translated around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food -- of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that the world literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living in an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting them more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, most of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators television, mobile air, air conditioning and cars.
The magnitude bars of the last century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that has a tool technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing it is -- in good and bad times, in the war and in peace, in recession, in depression and according.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers faster.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And although it's graduated in a law on the left, it goes up to the top.
The growth rate of technology is itself increasingly fast.
And in this curve, the Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer on the cloud, that my friends in Australia call an infinite computer, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel and vaccines, and food, digital medicine and NASA.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Katrina of Watson: from IBM?
It was pink.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I had.
And I loved this one: Watson beat human opportunities.
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the males of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence on the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Simulation University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance -- it doesn't mean to create fancy life for every inhabitant of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that is scarce, and it is able to get it off.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon III in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
The Taliban troops ate with silver covered and the same Natasha, with gold covered with gold.
But the king of Simon, I ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, worth more than the gold and the plant.
So the tip of the monument to Washington is alliance.
You see, although aluminum is 8 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and symptoms.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was disappointed.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet bathed by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 orders of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scanning, it's about acceptance.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generator per saying, eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a hour per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have an abundance of energy, we have water abundance too.
Now let's talk about wars by water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager Space Japan to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn was going on?
I took a famous picture. How did it call?
"A pile blue dot."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of the water.
Yes, 97 percent is water water, two percent of the ice, and we fought by a percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the natural ones.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the brown -- I would like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it, his technology called Solid -- you may know -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of water per day of any water source, contaminated water, a relative -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just had to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will immediately implement in 2007 countries on the planet.
This is a potential innovation for this technology today.
And we've seen it on the phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the late developing world.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with an intelligent cell phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
He lives in a world of information abundance and communications that no one could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- "God's video -- HIV video, images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostic -- now they're determined and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Multurian Foundation something called the X Russian Multeren Multeren, of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has A.I. they can hold blood out of the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the amount of mortality is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of the health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that doesn't recognize it, call the health person, and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just went through the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to draw the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you heard the global conversation.
What would these people want to do?
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And you'll get more health thanks to Triangle, a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing on the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we bring up three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive health products?
How about a few voices never before?
What if we give the openings wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion do?
And what if they're contributions that we can't predict in?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Fourth.
He emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids and figure out how the protein will be.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it has shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the brown.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
This is the point of the stop point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1857.
You might believe that it was persistently, but it wasn't.
I actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as a very common."
It was the mark.
It was fished a lot until the 1880s.
Now the fish is on the Red Coast list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're presentation.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the displacement of the citizen.
Because I was there in 1971.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The moon was surrounded by palms, and, as you can see, from some mangroves.
There were lines of about 20 centimeters -- black barbaria.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good time, so it was made more than the average in Ghana.
When I went out there 27 years later, the amount of fish had halved.
They were made at five centimeters made.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the string fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in 1960, Europe did many development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose the countries that already had 100,000 feet, to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly -- was called the Muslim four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in South China Sea and especially in the Varia of Japan.
What we captured there was something inherent.
We captured it, now the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sports, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny spots on some respect, remains that are fish coral reef fish.
In short, the sea fund came to the cover and then thrown up.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom goes from being a solid coral burial fund, in this case, to be a leadership.
This is a dead turtle, right?
They didn't eat them. They were discovered because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not saved.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This restaurant mountain is what you pick up the fishermen every time you go to an area where you have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We added the point of stop, to the new level, not remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
On the Y-axis, we have good things -- biodiversity -- and a lot of orders, the truth of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. Changing because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal.
The difference is they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the dirt of change.
And at the end of the end of the end of a little bit of the rest.
And that, in large measure, is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that no longer are.
But you should think that this problem affects people when pop-up societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct -- it's a little frequency.
You don't lose an abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequently because we fish them.
Over time there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of stop.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, will question that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect it to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you are presented with, like, captured such and such a few fish in this area can't be used or generally don't use the fish scientists -- because it's not scientific.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in industrialized societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
There is a huge role that can accomplish a protected marine zone.
Because with the protected marine areas, we actually reward the past.
We prescribe the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has run and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from vision that provides it, which allows them to erase their part of it.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access like the Middle West, for example?
I think the arts and cinema can perhaps fill the vacuum. simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chapart Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Charload Bay, 500 years ago.
And you will have noticed that the males and the tone are like "advice?
And if you think about "Adam, if you think about why people were confronted with the movie -- not talking about the story of Pantanas, why are you going to have the images?
Because I evoke something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I give, is Cameron II: underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alai, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos make virtual and what matters that matter.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- singers, commodities -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web is making any of us, or our actions, copper nature in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
More than 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage of the percentage becomes viral -- it gets infection of vision and culture mountain.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends, trends of participation and surprise factors.
Okay, let's start with.
Beat Vassetting: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Hydah, sheet."
KA: Last year, Bear Saltwood published this film shot outside his house at the Yosemite National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity of the past summer.
Bearlia is not providing a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Despote Mountain Beat.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmy.
Jimmy Kimmy published this TV that would capture the video to popularity video.
Trend creators like Jimmy Kimmy presents us and interesting things and divide them to a wider audience.
Rebex Black:  It's voice, Friday -- you've got to start the virus.   All of you wish that you get the weekend of week, the weekend.   You see, you see the Friday --  KA: Don't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Being "Block de Republic is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Adam Iranian double," this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was viewers, it's true.
And if you ask them about those other pieces, they're also voice.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday one?
Well, I took it Tower, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Mister Science Talk, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parody pairs in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- "So I can do something new with it.
Nathan Catherine: This is a repeat animation with a music music.
That's it, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there is a three hours that has seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet online community.
There were remote.
Someone did a version of the old one.
And then it was international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix, that made this happen to be a stupid joke to something that we all can be able to do.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate today.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Archie Iranians or Rebex Black or "No Charles?
What else could you have written that containing this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can be deployed the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the chemotheraps in New York, admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Sisa: I was shocked by not circulating by the bike, but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by the bike.
KA: Thank you to the surprise and his humor, Casey Siste made five million people who saw and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beat Vassetting: What does this mean?
Howard.
KA: What does this mean?
Trend creators -- creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected communities, are features of a new kind of media, of a new culture, to which we all have access to and is the audience that defines popularity define.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justine Bibby, started at YouTube.
Don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the factors of old media -- they're just the ones of the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a drama, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communist comes into San, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they worked it.
It was reflected in silence.
He died for the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain. And my lesson was to learn that the story tried to apply them, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat by keeping slightly down to sea.
My mother, May, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concerned marriage and two little girls.
For her, life had been destined to one task only, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incredible for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of a four years that would challenge fiction, a boat went down to the disguised sea distributed sea.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was paradoxication, rape and death.
As most adults, my mother had a computer with poison.
If you caught us, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, and it will be supporting every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates who came several times, but they were embedded with the stock of men in our boat, or the engine dying, and I couldn't run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man that collapsed and died, finished the journey too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we deserved in Melamida.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women throughout three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forest, a kind of a class suburb whose population is composed of immigration.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I knew, in French, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the frequent English fragments were interrupted between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a title in IT -- the information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which was usually new clothes, always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the toys, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singers on the "sea eyes and some graphic: Associations, go home.
At home, where?
Something in me was set up.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we ran over our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare, all of the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmares started to be able to wake it out.
She opened up a computer store, then studied to be a student and opened up another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, and influence, and kids were trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and parks.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classical Asian student, implant with what I was making from myself.
On the other, I was embedded in price lives, tragic to violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many people got help over the years.
And because of that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the year Australia of the year.
And I was called a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
And so, ready, an anonymous research of Friendly, was now so Louden, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and at home whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the comfort of life in a suburb internal suburban -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling over the day of each and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had now the same age she had when he got up to the boat.
The "no" had never been an option.
"Hey, he said, "And you don't know what you are."
So I talked about youth and education and education and deforestation to the disaster and devastated.
And the more frankly, the more that I was talking about, the more it was to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger -- a recent one, new on the scene -- and not only is it okay, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demonstrated, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that would not have been allowed to have been alleved tremendously.
There was an energy there, an implant optimism of humility.
So I followed my intuition.
I put together a little group of people for whom the motto can't be done, was a creative challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny for a year.
At the end of every day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
And we worked until I entered the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single trip.
My heart again.
Three months later I had moved on, and the adventure continued.
Before I end up, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Congest was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered it.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
At the age of 17, he became a computer whose mother would beat it.
Without support of his husband, he caused a survey when she demonstrated it, and he took the cause herself and much more come back when he won.
You can't make it demonstrate to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, at 1,000 miles, in Melamida.
I looked through the map of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Forest and sat around her attack.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with her.
At night a man came up and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so far?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You don't have supported.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given those of us who were and how life formed us, we now can see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been very easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a picture in your lives, pouring out brave in every wave, the completely constant pace of the engine, the horrible right that you can't guarantee anything going?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at it, I would do it.
Travel News and also the mother of so is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Radio about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Anna Muslim Santa.
We were convincing how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian expert in the Martin."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and we lunch the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I advocate, the great Indian warrior Prince had there, he took a bow and with a floor on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with tables and machines.
The conclusion we had was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that struck me a lot.
I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a priest if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
I thought technology had to allow magic, not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gives me his polar picture of pocket.
And this technological piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and natural paradigms in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phones and the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They free our inspiration.
So I threw up this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text to the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiplay.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khana, an intellectual application for iPad.
He says, "Take your fingers on every light."
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I got a character from the book.
In several moments, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- which comes to me.
My inner girl are excited about all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we deal with children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always found me exciting.
So here, we have to include the iPad.
And, really, you light your way into what the book comes in.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxy was going into a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball, which I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there has always been maps but it's been static maps.
This is a map that grows, flag and guide you during the rest of the book.
At certain points of the book also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the ones going to be fired.
We all have heard of the fairies and the nests but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts -- would you afford it?
These poor people have been trapped into the cameras of India for millennia, in an old book and the wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their P.C. -- haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections -- sticks, stone and cows and short.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this piece of childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter take a picture of a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
In this way, you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
One child in London puts a picture of a shoe and says, "Oh, today I saw a shoe?
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken out.
Within the connection variations between the magic, the Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we were able to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video and the video on and through an augmented reality sees a group of animated dreams that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are interviewed with technology and magic.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many of the aid projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Russian University was to figure out a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she hit a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone is, or maybe not everyone, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia scale. It's very simple.
It has a light bulb and off.
All tomorrow.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms to me.
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my home doctor has access to him too, so he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when he needs heart assistance or some urgency of that style but look back at it.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wikipedia school, and before I get up to my car, people start to talk to me, Lui, today, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the passengers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can employ to move people out of their chair and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week I will be available.
This little ball connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to the control and be captains of their own ship, but it can also help us to health because of the challenges that we face, as the discussion of the cost of medical attention, demand of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through criticism.
And one of the things we did wanted to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We certainly know where the ATM cartoons are in Malaway.
Also where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked but no one happened.
Nobody knew where to get DNA saves lives right now.
What we did was we did crucial in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public "Beautiful, you see a DNA, please send it, Darwinism where, and when you're open, you sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 degrees were presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lake, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Malaway and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks use your cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DNA 194, which is the name of the product, but also as DARPA.
And we wish to start at the global level.
We're bringing all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the DNA critic around the world.
Every time you're of vacation and somebody collapsed it can be a party or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
It could be message services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in their place.
Please help them in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it "a photography?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed with my previous passion for the drawing, but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the puppy.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the same time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the public.
Photos like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of real.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of real.
And when I say real reality I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors.
Do the light intervene?
What does the illusion do?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But at the end of the end it is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a reality of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
So here are three perfectly imagined objects, something that we all can relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a way, you can create something that still looks three-dimensional.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we get to the brain, because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photography.
It really has to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic I think are those that we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images filled with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal level, I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea in winter, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, I even did the house at the top of the island to look more surface.
So to make a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it up.
It's a diagram anybody I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the overall thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the RISD, versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as a lot of other people we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude order in the performance scale.
Speaking of technology with symmetrical curves is a new thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
I would need more intense because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where you say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that would like to grateful, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if it gradually, for example, some other technology, like transportation -- in a systematic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives you a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as microbes -- past morning, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rate.
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a removed growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
To be like that, now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask myself, is that new way that I adopt the world?
So what new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember as a child in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has come together, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different than extraction what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at long-term things.
The time scale that I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about two billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals who were floating around.
If we look at the way that those chemicals organize us, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this -- and that is, at that time, I had just float out some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipe in its inside.
Some of those droplet drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them put materials out of the outside, and so the drops grew up the boxes.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil gaps.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained an random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided, they had a unequal distribution of chemicals that they have.
So every gas was a little different.
In fact, the drops that they somehow differentiate being better at the time of incorporating the chemicals, grew up more, increased more chemicals and more divided out.
They generally lived longer. They were more represented in time.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand these graphs actually learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they evolved in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate with.
The amazing thing is, that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 250 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living self is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 microseconds of white dust trying to hide people in security people.
But it has -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments and I amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card in my personal card I have a lot for every present in fact for every single person in the world, and it's here.
If it was an email I would have put it into a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next thing?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy, another billion years.
But then another big interesting step happened where things were very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they were approved to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are lots of resistant to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave you a place that you would form communities that, in a way, were together in that -- and they established a synchrony.
So they survive or they failed together, or if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were more reproduced and they were favors for evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities got so close, that they actually joined and decided to write the entire recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-material community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels that cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened inside these communities.
They started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that did not do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible structures to register and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- the learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time.
So an organism could say, for example, learn to not eat some fruit because he knew wrong and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in the head.
I'm here sitting here by emitting some graduates and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in his heads that I keep a certain analog with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer computer, the cycle of video, the Christian, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that gets us into something much larger, faster and capable of evolving more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You saw the evolutionary example of You where you produced some evolution with the Congress program, in your eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scale of time again.
The first stages of the story that they told them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems just a few decades.
The process is feeding -- I suppose that self-assembly is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this exploration of the curve.
We see that the process is feedback.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them wouldn't be possible without recent hackers.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions of million.
Instead, with the designers of This Mathic Danish, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that we previously couldn't be able to get far farther and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions of strange?
Could you run these sequences of instructions by random, to execute all of those programs, and take those of them who are closer to what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer: could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that did the best do?
We want those and we encourage the rest of them.
And now we reproduce the ones that were best completed.
And let's go back to them by following a record process to sex."
So let's take two programs that are going to drive substances, and that the children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of the combinations of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
And I California again.
It introduces some mutations.
And it tries back and forth with another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But they got the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on making it.
Once he was going in a 747 with Margaret Minnelati and he gets a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a safe flight. Don't make you feel fairly?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's been funded.
The thing goes faster and that's why I think it seems so confusion.
Because all these technologies are being reduced.
We're starting.
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiple.
We are the loved and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've experienced enough time to allow me to get part of my fake presentation on that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to go out to "Saudi the Rules: talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the bat average.
And we talked about 300,000 of a battery that battery 300.
That means that the biological bat effectively, three of 10 times.
That means launching the ball to the game field without being caught up, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, don't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know what they call a 300 bat in the Great Light?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what they call a 400-year-old baseball battery.
By the way, that is somebody who was about 10 strokes right now.
Legaging -- like the legendary Ted Williams law, the last player of the Great League of baseball in executing more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's transplant this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have applications and they are attached to a surgeon that has also a 400 record record.
It doesn't work, right?
They now assume that they live in a remote place, and a loved self has two clogged coronary arteries and their family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose anthropologist record is from 200 dollars.
But do you know something?
She's really improving.
They have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think you should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon, a nurse or a gigantic obstacle."
One one, very good.
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all medicine knows the right of a good surgeon, a doctor or a partnership.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and it includes me, with the mandate, to be perfect.
They never, ever, they make a mistake and think of finding out how to do well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in the medical school.
I was a computer obstacle student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test.
So that.
I studied in my little defense, in the nurses of the General Hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything about memory.
Out of my class of anatomy memory, the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery coming out of the art, the differential differential diagnosis and the non-state discipline.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney touch access.
And while so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I went from the medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I would be immersed by mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Drawn.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Drawn lady to the emergency service where I worked on.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when you managed to take a little bit of a cardiologist to go to that patient.
It will report to the head of residents and reporting the chief of residents to it.
When I saw Mrs. Drug was raising.
I heard a restaurant sound.
And when the authority came out, I heard a sound said in both sides -- what I was given a conscious heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of drinking the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, they fill out of blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
He gave him aspiration and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him distribution, water pills.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when he made the first mistake -- he sent her home.
Actually, I made two more errors.
He sent it back home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it to him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to bring up complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility, which I could take care of my patients without even contact with my boss.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
When I sent it home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said, "Google, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I asked the nurse to take care of the Drew Dressin, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then he said, "Yes, I think I'm fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the newspapers took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I was packing to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
It went through the emergency service on the way home.
And there is another nurse there, not the one that was taking care of the Driven lady before, but another one told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency physicians are afraid of.
Other specialists fear them too, but there is a particular particular in emergency, and it's that we see patients.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But he went back and on the edge of death.
At the time of an hour of having arrived at home, after I gave her the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911, the paradoxication brought it to the emergency with a 50 million artificial pressure of Honey, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff broke all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was confused and rocked to the core.
He had a sense of feelings, because then that they were strategic was in intensive therapy and he was hoping against all hope that would be recovered.
And in the two or three next days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family gathered together.
And in eight or nine days, they would come to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Driven, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
So the next weeks I went through it, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just installed, and not feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I am sure I was saving things and made sure that they wouldn't give me apart.
And I kept asking me those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss -- why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did it make such a stupid mistake?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little to that feeling was distributed.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, he opened up the sky and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I made a deal with myself where if I was reflecting the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes -- would make those voices consider.
And it did.
I went back to work.
It was going to happen.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat at all.
I was very busy and approved.
And he pointed out here.
He looked at his throat, he was a little color.
I wrote him penicillin and sent him back home.
But while he was headed to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked to talk to me about in his office.
And I came up with the three words, right?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garage?
And he came back and I didn't have a school farmer.
He had a potentially deadly effect called a replacement.
You can look for Google. It's an infection, not the throat, but from the top air top, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
He was attributed to antibiotics and recovered to the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and representations, then I got away and came back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times at the same turn of urgency.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because 14 patients are killed at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a description.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation calculation.
They order a river of kidneys, but it turned out normal. A colleague that was looking at the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered liquid to reduce and asked my colleague to review it.
You reviewed it, and when you notice some sensitivity in the lower right-hand quadrant, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recognized well.
But every case I was stopped, I was delivered.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a because.
The most significant thing has been for the last five years.
Just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do you teach them that they don't take the same errors.
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but they won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a teacher in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me to have difficulty looking at it to the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positives, which make mistakes and the ones who can't sleep and the ones who have the latest results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we get away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal bad medical study and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Street Star to my program, White County, Black Articular Articular, white art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are pressure.
We work in a system where mistakes are happening every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or debrising is not right. In a system where the interactive infection is increasingly and more numerous and more numerous and more numbers and death.
In this country, 25,000 channels are killed by medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about hard substances, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update us.
So sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in your chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, it comes crazy with flying eyes, and with breath to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relax their symptoms always in the same way.
So mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we removed all the professional professionals to mistake, well, I won't stay anyone.
And with respect to that people don't want to talk about their most serious cases.
In my program, "It's "black artist: "Black art, it's a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake -- I would tell you all, from the paradigms to the heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake: blah blah blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes? And it would lead the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would bring out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't take the same mistake there."
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a reduction medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The red doctor is human -- it knows human, it accepts it, and it's not proud of their mistakes, but it gets expensed to learn from what happens to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
Other people's errors are not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes humans to lead the system, and when this happens, they make errors every time in the world.
My name is Brian Gold.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm a human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel it a lot, but I get to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose a average American -- it's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research for a week to a group of presidents of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, 133 jobs per week.
Naturally, each work included a lot of ministries.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many of you belong to the nine minutes category and how many of you for an hour.
How did the way that make those decisions?
Today I want to talk to you about one of the biggest problems of the current -- choose to choose the options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was growing up this very, very high level, at least at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Dragon.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and violation, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the water shocked water, and this was when we took water from the gras.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why do I never buy any business?
This is the stage of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in thin box that came from the military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy do all these options?
He pointed out to me full of tourists full of tourists that came up every day, usually with his cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment.
Half.
They had 38 different classes.
We installed a post to defend, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out there services from six satisfactions, or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First of all, what do people were willing to stop testing the mere?
More people stopped when there was 24 percent, 60 percent, that when there was only six percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a sea car.
Here's the opposite effect.
What they stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy merely.
What they stopped when there was six, we saw that 30 percent bought merely.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy mere if they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy market probably makes us, and it's a good thing to preserve the line, but it turns out that the development problem of choices affects us in really momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Juan Hudson, Eric Kamie and West Jane, where we looked at the decisions on savings for about a million Americans, from about 600 plans in this country.
We were interested to see whether the number of forests available in solar savings plans for retirement plans, the 404 program, gave people saving for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation in truth.
We had 650 plans that went from two to 50 different options.
We found that the higher the number of funds, there were less participation.
So if you look at the extremes -- you see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you wanted.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate came down to the perceived 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the higher the number of choices, the more people were engaged to avoid actions or the hedge funds.
As there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial care.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences of offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which is that it is still going against the interest of the interest.
It is more likely to make the worst decisions in finance and in health.
They are more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they obviously go better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of massive, mustard and visitors and merely, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that impressive, extraordinary.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've experienced, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can teach in their business.
The first is, Court.
You have heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Come out.
They care about losing space in the analysis.
But actually, what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of weird redundant choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Proto & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shakespeare to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Copernican Cate Corporation eliminated the products for cats that are less selling -- they increased the uses in 87 percent, by two causes and greater sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarket today, in average, offer 45,000 products.
In a store of Walmart.
But the ninth largest thing in the current world is Alah and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in the tin.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that has emerged about how the choices better are David Laboratos, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically tied to a life insurance fund.
Those of you who really want to choose, you give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut out.
These are all important options.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees, tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate it, you can't do their customers either.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary with Garry.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people from this audience some vacation with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the Gary supply.
(First applause." Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Isn't it else?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think I actually came up to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can get ahead and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the operation problem, which is Concrete.
So for people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must be very vivid -- very concrete, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Solit Bangladesh and Alexandria President, on a personal English staff who worked at English, these people were in a meeting where they were being being being being being actually being actually accumulating to a 401 plan.
To that meeting, we had exactly how they used -- we did a little adoption.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the 2008 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account.
The third technique is Claring.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a journal of magazine.
We saw that in the Weilongs supermarkets along the edge of the North, the magazine exhibition can contain from 333 different types to 665.
But you know?
Because planning tells me how to tell them.
These are two toothbrush displays.
One is called "Japanese and the other, "Sich."
If you think the one on the left is Sweden, and the one on the right is Japan, you give a palm.
Fourth applauses." Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Japan, and the one on the right is Sweden, you give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese, and the one on the right is Sweden. But do you know something?
This classic scheme is totally useless.
Categories have to indicate something to who choose to choose not to define them.
You often see this problem with those huge fundraising.
I suspect who are informing?
My fourth category," I will drive complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows it to be completely.
You have to take 60 decisions to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each one.
Color outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order where decisions appear.
So half the clients are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, 56 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you are always acting the button of your decision, this indicates you're overwhelmed -- or you are losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices to a few of them, open the button by defect over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, you keep there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Although I choose the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building now that now has more taken up with the process.
It's to sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the suggestion of the operational suggestion: contracting, to eliminate strange alternatives -- Concrete, make it real. Classically, we can handle more categories with less choices, to drive complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help drive alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving them.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an choice is being careful when we choose to.
And the more careful we are in our choices we will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the ordinary Germany, if you had a writing machine I had to register it in the government.
I had to register a piece of text text with the machine.
And so the government could trace the origin of the texts.
If you found a script with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't agree that somebody could do this, a lot that would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color laser from any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them on one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of us to make a lot of it.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world we can get the attacks on their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the civilizations.
Like Mr. Dimitri Goldberg of Kive City, in Ukraine.
The collaborator of cyber is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, intense amounts of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiplays, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valley Taliban, from Taken, State.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watson.
This is Brad Silicon.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tamiflu Alaska etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their online fortune forests, but they do it by illegal media by using bank trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret of America, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Jane, and this story had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jane is a store -- he knows her stop.
And I say that today is more likely that any of us are victims of a cyber than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we look at today is not driven by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate them, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have calculated in the last 12 months, occupying a passenger paper on the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group is the national states that attack the governments.
And then we see cases like Delawa.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Digital is a certified authority of the Netherlands or actually it was.
I'm going to decide to do it the last side because of a satisfaction.
They were addressing the security of the site, and they were tested by a circuit.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people from the attack to Delaway.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die from an attack of these?
Digital authority is a certain authority.
They sell certificate.
What do certified personally?
Well, you need if you have a website with hospitals, self-interest services, services like Gamic.
Except that they have foreign certified authority.
And they emit climbing closers.
And in the case of Digglian, it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April of 2011, and during the middle of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this card talented "Brownesh."
And within that cardiace there were notes from a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government to intercept a big scale the communications of the citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool by 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, he found the Super tree -- a treatment used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the School treatment to infect our computer with a tree to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be, "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why do I care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in the game of privacy.
The privacy is not discovered.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about control against control.
If we could rely on our governments today in 2011, any right right now, it's going to be forever.
Will we blindly trust any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
Nairobi National Park has no near the most part of the South, which means that wild animals like the zebra migrate outside the park.
And predators, like the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and as soon as we got up in the morning and found it dead I felt very bad because it was the only guy we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to show them, and that's why we value it so much.
So I grew up making a lot of the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A child in my community, from age six, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give them fear.
But I realized that actually this didn't serve because it even helped the lions to see the status of far.
I didn't start me. I kept going.
A second idea was to use a shortcuts.
I was trying to deceive the lions to believe it was close to the status.
But the lions are very smart --  came the first day and saw the shortcuts, and they were like, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the shelf with a torch and that day, the lions didn't come.
I found that the lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would be able to do with and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I took everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little indicator box. I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes lights destroy.
As you can see, the light bulb bulbs go outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights stop and they deceive the lions to think that I'm walking through the status, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago and since then, we never have trouble with the lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and he asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by the whole Kenya, to scare other predators like signals, legace, and also being used to show elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Boula International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and concept.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that they don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid on the sands of the wise crawling my father's cows on my father, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he told me some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to get an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad and the lions. We can be with the lions without any conflict.
Ash Ellen. What my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship. Richard Turk: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RB: My next invention -- I want to make a close electric close -- CA: An electric close?
RM: I know that you already invented the electric close, but I want to make mine.
CA: You already tried it once, right?  RO: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a calendar.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to engage in every step that you do, friend mine.
Thank you very much. RM: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "It "Not Anderson."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Islamic, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South America, Japan are the enemies.
Though sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I had never gone hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleagues.
That said, "When you read this, five members of the family will stop being in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're reconstructed together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We're ready to die."
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a kid in his arms looking at her mother's face without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine crossing North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, over a million North Koreans died during famine and only a few survive eating passenger, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more often, the energy cuts -- everything around me was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my home.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Aristotle River, which serves from North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very analog at certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how it comes from North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be as a refugee refrigerator.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and would be replaced to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interrogated in police station.
Somebody had accused me for being Northern, then they tested my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and deficient.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the intervention, a officer told another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for analogy in foreign rooms.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and deforestation.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and defeated to North Korea, where they are tortured, incarcerated or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of its world can be used in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
And the South Korea was a much larger challenge than I was hoping for.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all corresponds, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even through a crisis of identity.
Am I a surgeon or Norway?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call with pride mine.
Although to adapt to the life in South Korea wasn't easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Right when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities built some money that sent my family, and as a punishment my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location on the outside.
They had to run immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese -- I had to get them, in a way, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus ride took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and added by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of all of us, and he started asking questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I was including my feet and I told him that they were deaf people who were accompanied.
I looked at me, but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way to the L.A. border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lakes.
But even after the border, my family was arrested.
After paying the fine and supermarket, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the L.A. capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was held in prison a distance of the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay for more bribes or more checks.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man wondering, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would matter to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary -- I explained to him the situation, and no doubt the man went to the ATM ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and put them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why am I helping you?"
"I'm not helping you." He said.
"I'm helping the Norden town.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The bitter unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And I showed you that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the North people need.
Over time, after our long trip, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they walk into a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, work practice and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us remain in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Americans transporting around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Central Center: Linda stores -- fast food, barrier land.
So the city planners got together and they thought, we're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else, so they changed the Angeles South, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles --  stores of lines, fast food, barrel land.
Like 56 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Central Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying of cultural diseases in Los Angeles, South Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Bertone Hills, who's about 15 miles away.
I think that this happens.
And I wonder how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood today?
I see the wheelchair and sold chairs and sold cars.
I see the centers of dust headaches like Starbucks.
And I consider this to stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also have been able to handle 45 minutes of back and forth to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a same.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to town.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This was how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, we put together and start planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group that was paid by the faces of all the principles, all over the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city came up to me and in summary, gave me a citizen saying that I had to remove my garden, the citizen became a legal order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, I have it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Leader, and he talked to the concept and one of the Green Groups members who put a petition in Changela, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My computer even called to say they were breathing and loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more land barriers.
It has 68 miles of barriers.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 720 million tomato plants.
Why don't you think about this?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my son, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I really refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grow my art.
As an artist of graph -- which is a wall of graph, I have the standards -- the gardens of stones.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees are my excitement of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the earth can do. If you let it be your canvas.
They just can't imagine how amazing a sunflowers is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
They would be surprised to see how it affects kids.
The garden is the most theoretical and the provocative act that you can do, especially in a ground.
Also, they get free.
I remember an occasion, they came up with a mother and his daughter, they were like 1030, and they were in my garden, and they looked very simple.
I, well, man, I felt wrong that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who was so close to me, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear people will steal your food?
And I say, "For God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
That's what it's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to take your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter at the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. They shared his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat it.
If you grow up, you eat tampasters.  But if none of this is taught if you're not taught how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind to blind what you put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who get into their communities to get a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington Carl.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cats.
I'm not multiplied.
I'm not talking about free things, because it's not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to get people to work with people in the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want all of you to become a conventional refugee, substance, sub-sustainable fields.
We have to change the script of what's a standard.
If you're not a sea, you're not a story.
That the people take their room right?
That is their choice weapon.
In sum if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with their room so we can plant something.
Peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
Marine (Audience:  (Population noises)  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of abandone, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it takes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that goes out.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads like the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make post-conflict sales.
The portrait assistance, a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the water water flows down to the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they will never save water.
The noise also disappears in these pores as well.
Because it's very hole, the whole noise disappears, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it? You see that in this road the stone stones come out.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and more, and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But they can give him his paradox, and they're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create cards with that.
Ah, he's ready.
Backles, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage is in this material.
It's a porous asphalt as I said, so it only has a little amount of airplane between the stones.
Because of the increase, the ultraviolet light, to the oxygen, this airplane, the glue between the rivers, will fire, and if you go on, you will make miracles and separate from the addresses.
So if you drive through the road, you will take the addresses -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about self-assembly materials.
If we can make this material survive, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean surfaces, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little pieces with the button.
So we have a little bit of asphalt with little pieces of steel single on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
The industry can heat -- especially steel, it's very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel down, melt the button, the button flow through these microbes and rocks will go back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great industry machine here onstage.
Micro-controller is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters from the Alphasaha highway, where we had to do a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the road, and then of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, we were able to repair them then with our production machine and we repair them and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy of industry to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface, and they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to face first before I can show you how the repair act.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see. Yeah, worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember standing up one morning with the sound of the web in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
I had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depressing it.
"The Taliban were standing out -- I raised my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban stood up from Afghanistan and made illegal girls that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to school my older sister who could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books on stock bags so that it seemed like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us were ready in a small room.
It was nice in the winter but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected out.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were you following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attacked, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a terror.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total computer of a remote province of Afghanistan. I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was replicated.
But my mother raised became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban despite the risks, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of the tablets, I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Me daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that's always going to be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the school, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate at Meditable College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather who was excluded from his home for the courage of educating her daughters, was one of the first to congratulate me.
He doesn't only get out of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who carried it down driving across the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 101, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SLAS, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite and even in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Amazon. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and her daughter went from South Solida to his village, and literally they were standing out of being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When I got to his house, they are the phone, a voice told him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would go back to it.
Look at me, if you want to say, "But I won't harm my daughter for her old and recorded ideas.
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of their daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key to our success.
In fact, often they are the first compelling intersections of the future future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban -- the girls who went to school are in a hundred hundred -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last long after the U.S. troops later.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a property future and a lasting change.
Now, Afghanistan is a country of hope and boundless possibilities. And every day the SLA girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the existent: "Him, resist Gadane. fought against it.
But you never bring you a revolutionary state revolution.
They've spent almost two years since it broke the liberal revolution inspired by the electrons of massive movements as much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other liberal citizens, inside the country to call a garden day and start a revolution against the ethnic regime of Gabby.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the sandwich, getting the fall of the regime, providing freedom paintings, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of the exception of the damage of Gabby.
You've shown a big sense of solidarity, from the Extreme East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses from about 50,000 dead -- we managed to release our country and defeat the tyranny to the ground.
However, Gaddafi left a strong card, a legacy of territory, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the ethnic regime of Gaddafi, destroyed infrastructure and culture and moral structure of liberal society.
Conscious of devastation and challenges, I've loved a lot of other women, to rebuild liberal civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
There were about 200 organizations in Bangladesh during and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Tribunal.
After a 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm. I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Leaver Women platform by the Peace People, a movement of women, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the socioeconomic autonomy of the woman and for our rights of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the presidential period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model of selfish policies and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, a little bit, the exhilaration of choices and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found violence news.
One day we woke up with the news of the predatory mosques and Sufi tables.
Another day I ended up with the news of the American ambassador and the attack of the conservation.
Another day we wake up with the news of the office of the army office.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continual violation of human rights and their lack of respect from the law.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, is policed more, and it has taken away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusion. It became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of the law and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Liberia.
The liquid list and alternative between candidates and candidates brought national peace and reconstructive?
No, they didn't do it.
What happened then?
Why is our society still followed and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion.
Perhaps what I failed was not only women, but the female values of compassion, mercy.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed the choices, which only reinforced polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of feminine most of the female that will need the new and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like angels of indigenous and calling anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female discourse that not only honor, but also put in practice the mystery instead of veiling, collaboration instead of competition, including inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs desperately to reach peace.
Because peace has an alcohol that tries to be interrupted and alternative between female perspectives and muscles.
That's the real crazy.
We need to establish that in an existential way before doing it socially.
According to a coral restriction of the Koran "Saudi, peace -- "is the word of the media God, "advocate: "Well, compassionate.
At the same time, the word "Road, which is known in all the Aboriginal traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word Royal -- systematically synchroning the female and material, which fits all the humanity that men and women, of which all tribes and all the people have emailed.
And so, just like the uterus is completely covering the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the entire existence of the entire existence.
This is how it tells us, "My mission covers all things.
This is how it tells us, "My mission promises about my air."
That all of them are denied by the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an incident question, which has an equally shocking answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is always doing -- why does she go?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who beat it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I just joined me at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in Seventhood magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green Eastern American Earth, and he had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who created my twin soul, pointed out to my head with a gun.
The man who loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened with killing me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "low love: a psychological trap, discoveries of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm a license in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in marketing Business Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies on the Fortune 500,000 companies, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burger and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black word and a minimal Indian Olympic minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions, all the levels of face and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the markers are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interdependence and long duration or saying otherwise, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why, the domestic abuse is so disappointed.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world to stay with a man who pays him, and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women of 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, novels and abusive husbands in the United States.
I also was a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York City and started to flourish with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also had just been a University of the Air Lego university, and he worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a kid.
I had a big molecule like apples, and a Russian hair wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about all the beginning putting me into a pesticide.
We started coming out and loved everything of me, which was ready that I had gone to Harvard, which I put passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congress believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as nobody had done it.
And it was why the landing in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York City and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted I left my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that he was falling in a crazy love, which was coming up with head in a physical trap, financial and carefully presented psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts.
And here is where they go in scene those clues.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where it was supposed to be that Congo had to feel so safe to buy three clues.
One had in the car scan.
Another one was stored under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pistols actually were a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already dead, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning, and I still had the family.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we lived happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very right.
It just had really been happy by the wedding and by the fact that I would form a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident and never would make me harm.
I spent twice as much in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so hard in the head that I brought up several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was business by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
And I kept putting up one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or access at some point in their life, and the disease control Center that every year 15 million children are showed, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why did I stand up?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply armed man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face his demons to face.
The other question everybody asks is, why don't you just get it?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
So for me, this is the saddest and political question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a marriage.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happens after the victim has ended up with the relationship, after shining, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other reproductions include the permanent ocean, even after the abuse has gone back to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family family system to land the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time not supported with the man who was paying their mother.
And yet we keep asking why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go on, because of a last paper doctor, I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world to the police, to my neighbors, my friends and family, to full unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to state victims as high headlines, self-destructive women, dangerous goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people is a way to say, "The guilt is your duty for standard, as if victims we choose to really be in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Love" love, I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also sanitation, who learned an unintended lesson of what happened to them and they recorded their lives alive and happy lives as employees, wife and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I got married with a man and long man, and we have those three children.
I have that black lobbying and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have never have ever, ever, is a store carefully pointing on my head in someone who says that he wants me.
Right now, the same thing you're thinking, "Hay, that's fascinating or "Haul, what stick it was, but all this time, I have actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which you're listening to right now, which are being married or that they were a little bit of little or that they're abuses themselves.
The match could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way of helping other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
Abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims we need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the math to light talking about it with their children, their coworkers and friends and family.
They represent their vision of survivors like fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow their climb and show victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call it Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel like at this point there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way.  So luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first shift of clothing in a stage of TED, so you have a lot of luck to press it, I think.
If some of the women horrified when it came up, they don't have to tell it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These hairs are very uncomfortable. It's less wrong than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater by the head, because it's when they're going to laugh at me, so they don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that he would embrace the back and would take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial brown like the one I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though surface and immigrant, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being worth means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but similarly.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a hallucination discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I did model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage -- and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we also associate it at a high and self-interest figure, to family and white skin.
And that's my heritage -- the heritage that I've known to leverage to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who now are specialized, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait. There are Namie, Tarah, Joan Smalls, Lake West.
First of all, happiness for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every single model in the board, and from the 777 controlled models, only 27 percent, it was less than four percent, weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is, can it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a nice heart surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insist -- no, no, Cameroon, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my boss.
Because I am not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of reduction of American voice or the executive director of HIV, or the next Steven Mesdani.
To say that as much as you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the heart surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you have already finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and a couple of jobs in your back, no longer matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, "More of the inner clothes for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are returned.
And yes, virtually you get away all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biomechanics, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I take my grandmother, a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a few days before the pictures for the French Voice.
So here I am with my football team and in the magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those photos.
They're creation of a group of professionals, fires, male, photographers and statistics, and all their aid and the production people and the production, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too much talk about 20 inches and I never use, except the couple before, but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress of money.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a primary primary, and he jumped a set in red, and of course, they stood up, and I was sorry about it, agent to be able to keep going.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way without matter who they are.
I lived in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers that were stopped and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 170 young black men and lates in New York, so for them, it's not a matter of paying me?
How many times would you stop me? And how?
When I researched for this talk, I found that at 53 percent of the 13 percent of the United States in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is, what is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more stack, and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what's going on, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my way every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and hair, will it be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes most of the fashion -- but they probably are the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to look at a race of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something that will retain from this talk, I hope that everybody is feeling more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to put a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures and I wasn't me who got them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos.
In fact, most of them took the random tourists.
My story begins when I look at the city of New York to give a pollution, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When I approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me, why don't you take Sahara to New York in a paper trip and continue the rich?
This is when we started asking tourists who were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has ever fled with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much life this journey would change us.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11 and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just a physical level, but in all ways.
Because even though we always took the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter raises new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how they perceive and interacts with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking down, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed out a red toilet of the wrist store that I loved with small visits in previous visit.
And he described me what was five years old in that same place.
I began to remember his heart beating with force by looking at that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at now in New York is universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memory.
So I want to share the idea of participating actively in conscious creation.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't doubt to get closer to somebody and ask yourself, "Do you get a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The boards are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter -- mathematical characters, dumb characters, stupid stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the reserve Kenyan press, applause and applications, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean --  Parallels don't help prevent the spread of disease.
It's hardly monitoring.   You're far from extinct.  And my favorite, the boards are better presence.   There are two types of bus on this planet.
There are the New World Buddhists who are mostly found in America, like the end of the computers and the streams, and the Buddhist Buddhists -- where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the boards important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
They're our natural garbage collections.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- they help absorb the nuclear that they would not be for them to expand and cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no books, the babies take three to four times more time in distribution, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The boards also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
New Jeff was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and along with the cobra -- they symbolized the unit between the height and the Belonic English.
In the Indian mythology, Jackie was the god book, and he risked his life to save the Silor Standard devil of the 10 head head.
In the Tibetan culture, they are done very important to open sky -- in places like the Tibet -- there is no place to bury the dead or wood to create them, so these tickets provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with boundaries?
We have eight species of bus in Kenya, which six are at extreme threatened extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned -- and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and fauna, the professional communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bus are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bus are on the critical list of endangered endangered endangered dangers, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall from the livestock consumption that's been treated with an analog drug like Decomponent.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Because there has been no borders, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in landfill, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time bomb bomb, and the number of radio cases has increased in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 353 and a half of them are going to be above the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're bird trans.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible bus trade to serve the brown and the fertilizer market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them transmitters.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a problem that's literally not going to be about anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the books, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they make.
How can you help? You can get back active -- you can make noise -- you can write a letter to your government and tell them, we need to focus on these very increased creatures. Donate their time to spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you're going to be informed on the bus, but you talk to your families, with your children, with your neighbors on the bus.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without an effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do, and everything I do professionally. My life has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1970 to 1977 -- but I am no longer --  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Conson, Marrian, Arthur and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we established in Africa failed.
And I was perceived.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing good work in Africa.
Instead, everything we played we were angry.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "And the American "Allest -- was a project where a few Italian people decided to teach the people in Zambia.
So, we got to Italian seeds in southern Zambia.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't get up.  We were amazed that the local people, in such a fragile valley, didn't have agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we're here."  Just in time to save people from the Zambian of the Harvard.
And of course, everything in Africa is very beautifully culture.
And we got these magnificent tampasts. In Italy, a tomato would grow to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the sharks, "Look how easy the agriculture.
When the shots were great, modern and red, overnight.
And the sharks said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say it? You never asked it."
I thought we were only threatenes in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the helps.
You should see the waste --  -- you should see the waste that we give us the confidence of people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Death Mountain from Darwinism Mount, email email.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, have delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Put it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperative, coloring missions, and treating people only in two ways, or pay them, or we are pathologists.
The two words come from the Latin Law Path, which means "part."
However, they mean two different things.
Pathemity, treating any of a different culture as if they were my kids. I want a lot of you."
Parking, I treat all of you in a different culture like my services.
So the white white is called "WorldWide: boss.
That book gave me a barrier in the face. The little thing is beautiful, written by Schwarz, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman that opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can we imagine a city that is not neuroscientist?
I decided at the age of 27 years only to respond to people, and invented a system called Facilitable Compassion where you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It stretches.
He never comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee coffee. We got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once, we hear them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never go in, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunities have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business doctor, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in your kitchen, and helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your lives.
I started this as a test in waiting, city of Western Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this constant garbage where we came to tell them what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects on me, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
And he stands up and I heard them.  So --  So the government says, "Hey again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business workers in history, passed up to '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you have Corporation reforming Christian without knowing what the most attractive people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up to conversation with you.
You have to offer them constant, privacy has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will come up on the ground.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
Which presentation you have applaud more this tomorrow?
Local people. That's what you've been clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fossil -- not renewables -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we service, we cure, we educate ourselves, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution, college: Any collective?
The government? Forget it.
You will be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a terrifying story that is in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in 1860, this group of people came together, and they speculated about what happened to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was anonymous, the New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population back to the New York City to around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already becoming steal.  So in the 1860s, they were doing this dirty technology that opened New York City.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States -- came up with 100 automatic manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scales, scales, factories in apartment places.
Derademon, Michael. Henry Ford Henry.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them constant.
In another way, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer an absolute device, dedicated service.
And finally, you will have to tell them the truth with respect to understanding.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell a fantastic trade, and you have to count with a wonderful financial management.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world who can do, sell and look for the money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've invented and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Wisslot, Edison, Ford -- all the new companies, Google, Hi.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: no one was started by one person.
Never the word "I go, but the word "We -- 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have factors, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee caps, in front of their drugs shrimp who would do for you, what somebody did by this gentleman who talks about this expense, somebody who asked you, what do you need?
What can you? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that. "Would you want me to look for somebody else?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like substances, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay my approaches?
How can we present and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams."
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak rooms that give she shadows and shoes and shelves from centuries and trust in a city.
There is a debt in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought how it could turn into a more pleasant space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
His death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for the living time.
He gave the significant things of my current life.
But I beg for keeping this look in my everyday life.
And it seems to me that it's easy to let me catch on the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant slate and painted on her phrases to complete -- before I died I want.
So the trends could take a chalk. reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day, the wall was full and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I died, I want to be played by paradox."  Before I die, I want to sit on the dish of the date change."
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I died, I want to plant a tree."
Before I died, I want to live outside the network."
Before I die I want to hug it once again."
Before I died, I want to go to somebody else's rescue ...
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space went into constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh at carbon, and they demonstrated me, and they gave me a little bit difficult for me.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and specific ways -- it's about giving rise to reflection and contact, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we made a kit and now they've been dead in countries around the world, like Kalawaking, South Africa, Australia, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of increased distances, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
The death is something we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that makes us more power.
Think about the death of the clarify of our life.
Our shared spaces can better reflect what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Red is 22 years old, it's high and very good.
I don't talk about it, but they transmit joy better than some of the best speakers.
Red knows what love is.
And so it was shared by it increasing what happens.
It's not advanced. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and notice in this: you've never mentioned.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to raise words that I didn't even get to myself, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very good.
It puts the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out every single song in my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to get a paper in my arm during the first episode of the Telecome and the birthday of Lady Gageal.
Doesn't it seem amazing?
But most people don't agree with it.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they're often ignored.
But what drives my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them inside the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it manifest himself differently, that Redmand is so different to Sam.
And around the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development disorders that are faster in the world, there is no cause or any known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized he was different.
I wrote a lot.
I didn't want to play like other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I was living alive and I was in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the brain, frustration and individual hypertension, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child that looked at the world without predictions, a human being that I had never mentioned.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, moments where I would have designed that they were just like me.
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal happens by high the beauty that makes us differences, and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right now.
If I could transmit one thing to Redman and Sam and you, you might not have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a gift. Every one of us has a gift in its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for great, progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what I must have been to be Alice in the Marshall country.
Penn State asked me, a professor of communications, who gave a kind of communication to students of engineering.
I was scared.  Scared really -- scared of these students with his big minds, his big books and his big words and their unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the container hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with the students, they surprised me the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us just that they study the trajectories, but they study the transplants, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat our obstacles.
And when you're describing your science, you care about your service.
The lead is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temporary: but why not say space and time -- which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing as you can make them.
Instead, as Einstein said that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they are ways of getting and excited with their content.
And when you present your work, forget about the story signs.
They have wondered why they call balls?  What do the balls do -- the bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring, but it supports too much in the language of the language of our brain and opens us.
Instead, this film of example of General Brown is much more effective, and it shows that the special structure of the tribes is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, right?
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legitimate, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described.
I think these are only some key ones that can help each other open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when you've solved this equation, for all the media, you get it simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford of Oxford is software?
It just sounds very well.
And "set "seasonal means "blood" profit."
Though there was a periodic editor in the 19th century who defined it much better when he said, "A sensory is the one who seeks a public charge without matter, platform or principle, and that, when I win, you get it through the mere use of a top-down monumental monster.
I have no idea what it means "standard."
Something I'm going to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was thanks to the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Crocoder, who was faced by Parliament to Paralland.
They put him in the London Tower and they got up, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end had such popular support in London that I won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase -- "The Bollen same ball like metal."
Most of you think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America, right after the independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a republic country?
This was debated in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that could have failed.
Some people wanted to call it "Jean de State Washington, and others, "Here's "The German George Washington, and other Desert from the U.S. Williams Williams.
Not very attack.
Some just wanted to call it "Just."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with that were monologues, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody gets married immediately, because this debate was protected for three weeks.
I read the daily of a poor sensory, and he always wrote, still with this thing."
What caused the battle and the fact that the House of Representations was against the Senate.
The House of Representations didn't want Washington to get out of power.
They didn't want to call it "Jeep for if he was giving him to her own ideas.
So they wanted to give the title more modernity, more inspiring and more that they were going on.
And that title was President.
President. They didn't invent the title -- it was already before, but it only meant somebody who predicts a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury, right?
And it didn't have much more grandmother than the term "particular or superstar."
There were the evidence of the events of small colonial audiences and government fractions, but it was really a intelligence title.
And so the Senate was opposite.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President.
"This guy has to sign treated and meet foreign diagnostics."
"And who will take in serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate did not win.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never reflected the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to follow there, hoping for the Senate in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you may continue to wait for 225 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President of President doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to display, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of open air vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have delivered the tragedy title.
So at the end I won the Senate.
They got their response title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the simulation of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness by then.
But do you know how many nations are now presenting?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate I won and the Repended Representation Chamber -- because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the way the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is charged with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak but above all, that collaborator of male tasks and stones with primitive tools.
As each other, I take a cheap length of thin light on the head with this allergoverly loneliness and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
I stayed my hand and suddenly remember a minute I met days before, who lost control and fell fundamental feet in that village.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're present to slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vancound Peace Summit Camp.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a sense of "Sea the Solars: an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not such a degree.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad. I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this aspect of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a shoulder and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Sergey Sea the Sealents and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these places.
Some of them -- even my second home.
But this time, I will sell the dirty trails.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans that are displaced throughout the whole deal.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can enslave entire families by generations by 1980s 1900s 1960s.
Amazingly, slavery generates profit of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then find out that they're forced to work without pay, under the threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are depression.
Slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick horses.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the Dania Internet.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, kids, in fact, entire families wrapped into a heavy dust of dust dust -- and they stack mechanically brick in their head, up to 18 at a time, and take them from the horizontal furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
They delivered by the monkey and the crash work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, or to drink, and the severe desert made it to be quite intrinsic.
So penguins were the heat and dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to reverse it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the speaker that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Lish, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already gone.
I had to rely on Free the Sealents and work within the system for his release, and he confirmed that they would get it.
As to me, I waited to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles for mountains to trucks that they waited down.
Those big plates were higher than the kids who were carrying them and the kids put them to their heads with homemade shoes made from sticks, ropes and homes.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insurance, but so international?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paid -- because this has been like this whole life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages were recovered by their freedom, the slaves burned up their homes.
When we hear the slavery word often we thought about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness I was allowed to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina they were involved in women who had previously been sexual slaves.
They drove me through a few angry steps that gave this dirty basement of just fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a brown.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restricting as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms where the slave scales with their girls and children, some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single dot is dark and dirty -- identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
From foot in the public, I remember having felt a foster fear fear, and at that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a step, the stairs, where I came in.
There were no back doors.
There were no good enough windows like to transport.
Those people don't have a scanner, and because we play such a difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic -- happens around us.
There are hundreds of people who are enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that often we relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were women who were enslaved in the trade trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The hands of black hands are the parent, the teenagers and red, from their children.
They mix tons in these big barrels and dip the silk into the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, to be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children who are used in Lake Vollode, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed like a fishermen family in a boat, two older siblings, some younger kids, makes sense right?
mistake. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their traditional families, disappeared and forced to work alien stores in these boats in the lake despite not knowing to swim.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was standing up, it was a subject that his little song was emerged.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees in the super travel of the Vollon often attract networks and children, failed and fear, are thrown into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are coming.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and like the whole life has been treated with crucial, it has traditionally treated the younger slaves under her command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working from the one.
In the night and very windy night.
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kowler.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a refuge where the Soveres reduced victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because somebody decided to make a difference in their life?
By driving a road in Ghana with the Southeasts of Free the Silorals: an adversarial partner with his motorcycle suddenly sped up and open our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it by a dirt path to the forest.
At the end of the road, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
And then he pointed out to be just visible and said, "This is the road, this is the path -- we go!
As we began to go down, we took the environments that blocked the path and after walking around about an hour after walking around about an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the pictures of pictures on my head as we hit these water to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the famous path ended up openly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slavery workers.
Many women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold walls, they walked in water poison with market.
The market used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a single part of Ghana.
When they came out of the wells they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irrelevant, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters, and these people load heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they would map the stone so they can extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be filled with strong and powerful men -- but if you look closer closely, to the margin we see the other less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it is very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and market training in a few years.
This is Martin. When his father died, he took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die his uncle, Martin inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg lesion that you see here is a product of an accident in the mines, so severe that doctors said that I should be applied.
In addition to that, Martin has tuberculosis, and not just that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with help of local activists like "Sea the Sealents, and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give a testimony of them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it makes it very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not of magazines -- they're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, matched, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force goes up a fire, and that fire puts light on the slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do application applied, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like managing conservation.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They dislike the victims of the whale and the click dancers -- we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training -- a high level of dexterity and probably some initial altitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroys this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane State who, at his time, was a virtuous dancing dance.
In the last few years, a lot of people have been programmed in the years.
However, there are 6,000 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, temples, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective and a half.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other movement disorders, there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a 200-play neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it home?
That would save a hard journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional to try it, you see, in some sense at least, we are all virtuous as my friend Jane Starks.
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds in speech. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all of those vocal organs to produce sound and we all have the gene genes -- the FDA, for example.
And like balance, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Think about the time you take a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal cords as they vibrate and as well as Parkinson's affects limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
In the bottom you can see an example of irregular temperature from the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice and weakness and rising.
The speech becomes more quiet and applying after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are non-level.
The neurological test is not invasion. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both of them are precise. Well, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized in voice.
I mean, they can be authorized.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
It's minimal cost and we all know what happens.
When something acquired a cost so low, it appears to mass scale.
These are some incredible goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It would not have to go to the clinic for routine school.
With high-speed monitoring we could get objective data.
We could do massive low-cost mass recruiting for clinical trials, and for the first time, failure checks on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it is too late.
So by giving the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal initiative.
Together to Acceler and Peters, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Any of you or without Parison, you can call under price and leave records for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mahatma, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you get from these shows?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the confusion factors in pursuit of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now.
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thailand, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which is a project of police -- we now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: None and nine, well, it's a improvement.
MM: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, audience.
MM: Thank you, Tom Tom.
Before March 2011, he was doing photographic portraits in New York City.
We are pillar creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the mobile models even more thin, the perfect skin is still more perfect, we do the impossible thing, possible and criticize us on press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a true taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was a volunteer -- there was a volunteer there, and it was in the place working as part of the response team.
I along with hundreds of other volunteers knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Oxford.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the GDP of Almass 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The water level was made over 24 feet tall, and more than three kilometers inside.
As you can imagine, the village was debated.
We took shoulders from channels and the browsers.
We cleaned up schools and we put the houses ready to be renewable and reduced.
We take tons and tons of dead fish -- dead, appropriate, local factory.
We were inspired and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and Cheetah cards.
Everybody did the same.
Put them up and take them to different places of people around us to get them to them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of personal losses that people had suffer.
While they were fleeing the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village repair center.
He helped cleaning the common toilets, the enormous, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the charge center is collecting the photos.
And there they took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- he had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it was not until I took my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some that were more than a hundred years old, they were still on the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started retroviring the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too stretched, but where the water had declared the face of the girl I had to fix with a lot of precision and depression.
So that little girl would not have the aspect of himself, and that would be as tragic as having the stranger picture.
Over the course of time, they got to be more photos, and they needed more recording things so that it went into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In the course of two weeks, I had 150 people wish to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Richard, a neighbor village north of Harvard.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed in, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they took in giving them is a different story, which is a different story, of course of the process of the photos.
I could start an hour. I could start weeks.
It could mean months.
This kid had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water was not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged into water water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of it together with the time on the course of the continuous time to destroy them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't replicate the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been replicated by his owner for it.
We were lucky with hand cleaning up.
We count with the guidance of a neighborhood neighbor.
It's very easy to give even more of the pictures already danced.
As he said Winner, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was in relation to photos.
He had started cleaning them herself but he stopped to realize that I gave them even more.
It also had doubles.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in a single photo and reclaim the whole picture.
When he collected his pictures shared something about his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble of the rubble of the rubble from where their house used to, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the bars to the wave.
He had to go inside the water as the nurses were sound.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know that they had all survived.
The day he handed her photos his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that I could remember from the past that had not been beaten by that day in March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined out there to the Hall hundreds of them helped us clean over 150,000 photographs -- the great majority -- the big majority of their owner -- the big majority of their owner ...
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 hundred families of completely restricted photos and retrofited.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most ink for printers and primary.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear it.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would come back for.
And this was about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to somebody their connection to the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of records.
Some of them were connected with something bigger -- I'll give you something, using your talent for something that is no perfect skin.
In order to finish out I would like to read this email the email -- I emailed it City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I rescued it, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in pictures.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, communicated me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my newly birth, hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Dr. Everest inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photography, the photographer, a new technique so fast that you can create videos in slow motion.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or seeing the interior of the body without using X-ray and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and come up in a second of a second, and in several feedbacks you will create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that ball, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this picture of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those pictures disperse inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --  remember, this is all happening effectively in less than a nurses is what takes the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
And Coke didn't advertise this research.  They happen a lot of things in this movie, to demonstrate this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet -- comes into the bottle with a photo package that starts to go through it, and inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started seeing these soldiers.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble.
At that time, waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection on the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several boxes, that the implications concentrate themselves.
Now, if you take a common and run bullet and make it look at the same distance and see it in a camera slow at about 10 billion times, how much do you think that would lead us to see that film?
A day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  of a leave bullet in motion.
And how about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that were approved from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, he thought, of a fear at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato one, you'll realize that, as the light gets rid of the tomato -- it goes brilliant. It doesn't darkness.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bottle in its inner and it comes back after several trillion of a second.
In the future, when this seal is in your mobile phone, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is morpher without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT for?
As photographs, you know, if we take a picture of low exposure -- it comes up very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so you just go into some light.
We sent that room, that picture of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very associate synthesizer, we took those digital data and we built them computer to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process it in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future allowed him to see after the continues?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Remove, enter the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces of light.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left is our fear.
Behind the wall there is a man and we bounce light into the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will return to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works like that, our fear, it has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a photo in front of you, which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But let's take lots of images like that, dozens of images, will we put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction of us.
We have things to explore before we get out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's going on around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions, looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build together able to see the interior of the body by adding sources, and the same for carbons.
But of course, because of tissue and blood -- this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about photography as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
As Dr. Earth, he himself was a scientist, turned the science in art, an art of post-making photos.
And I realized that all the digital data that we collected are not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here is something fun here.
If you look at the waves under the table, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appear to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding demonstration of space and time, we can correct this distortion of this.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life and give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, go up to Soft and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child from 1984 and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, this town.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people who are gathering in search of a change, had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who of the present have a mobile phone here?
Get them.
Raise your mobile phones to them.
Look at it. An Android, a Blackberry, woman."
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my mobile, and how it changed my life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Darware data.
Why is that information there?
Because in summer 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
The data trend of data.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet vendor from all over Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who you send an email.
Who sends a text to who I text to.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or their Internet report.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this feedback of data.
We want the authority in the digital age, and we don't want the phone phone to store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went on the streets of Berlin and said, "Biblet, I don't fear fear?
And some even said this would be the State 2000.
The Sun was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also asked if this works really.
Can you store all this information on us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, Detrospace Televisia, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please would send me all the information they had on me.
I asked them once, and I went back to them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Matthew Telecomothouse said, no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they would send me the information that I was doing.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the introduction for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand tons of information lines.
At first I saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little scary, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data resistance means.
So next to Blue Daniel and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and off, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Francisco in train to colony, and what often I call in the train.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and you end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who speaks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at first, imagine if all these people in Berlin streets in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Sun had known who was involved in this protest, and if the Sun had known who the leaders were, this has never happened.
The Berlin Wall of Berlin may never have happened.
And, in fact, the Earth of Coral Corresponder.
Because today state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But authenticity and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for authenticity.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not happened in fashion.
When you go home, tell your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you have to remember you have to fight for authority in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, HPA, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, HPA, what happens?
I call me Massachuary Zalland, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have brain palsy, that's why all the time.
Look at it.
It's a cheese. I'm like a Shamilley mixed.
and Muhammad Al.
The P, C. is not genetics.
It's not conceptual and can't be contrast.
No one remembers the uterus of my mother and not the contract because my parents were prime cousins, even though they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Now Christmas speeches, they are in the mall. They drive in circles in search of parking and what do you see?
16 empty empty places.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little disabled little display?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, C. is just one of them.
If there was a cliff of the oppression. I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian music, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Climbing, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy, don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the not can be in the cancer."
My father's mantra was, "You can do it -- dance song.
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were leaving the school system and made sure that I was also going out, and if we didn't save all of the notes, we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my talents on his feet and just walking.
Another technique I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to get it up.
The starting that I carried in was very strong and so on.
Yes. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a board camp that has received a lot of beats.
Growing up there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they remain all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think about using Muslims as a campaign law.
The people I grew up with had no trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot that died of hunger during the range.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so to add from dawn to the dawn is very easy.
He danced in Brazil.
Yes, in Brazil. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with houses, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used tons, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Mandering.
In summer vacation, often my father was trying to save me, so I drank milk milk -- I drank hot milk on my back, I dive up in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and thought, "It works, it works.
But miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a standard commandment that I couldn't stand in a foot of foot.
And now I can stand in my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the general hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the USA, American State University because it was in all the courses.
It was like the malaria crime of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in his classes.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal rice my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the USA decided to do a work called the very slow dance in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy, right?
I was a girl with brain parallels.
So I started screaming at four winds, "In order to have a role.
I have brain parallels."
At the end of the fire." At the end of the fire."
Thanks to God, I am a free free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave Steve Brown.
I went to increase running into the director of the theater department, crying, historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking him why and she told me that she was not able to do the risk scene.
And I said, "I know, if I can't do the risk scenes either.
It was a role that he literally had born and gave it to an act without brain paralysis.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of hearing additions without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated -- I went home, and my first artistic tour was like a television in a television.
My dream was true.
And I knew that it would be ready from "company to better friend of composer in a sandwich.
Instead, it stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see it more than the one, and it was obvious to me that the leadership directors didn't hire sort of, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whom Goldberg Goldin, Rose Barry, Ellahova, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commentary.
So I got humiliative.
In my first tour I took famous cartoon from New York to New Jersey, and never forget the face of the first comic comic who carried when he fell high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain passengers.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without value.
Some people say I'm the first monologue in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know they never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Federal Committee Festival of New York City, now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Arabic in the media, and at the same time remind them to the reporters of spirituality and Arab are not feeling.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went to the cable news program by Cape Olympic.
I walked in as if I went to a graduation dance, dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Well, you can give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Fina," four, three, two, two.
And we were live.
So I approached the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end I had my opportunity and the disappointment. I knew they wouldn't go back to me.
But not only Mr. Olask came back to me, but it was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
One thing that I learned in direct with Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are scary.
The kids are crimes, but they never get out of me or the older girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a object object.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why is it the time?
"Is it back?
And my favorite post-conflict, posters busy.
What disease does it have?
We should really face for it."
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my curve, friends, communication, paradigm.
Discipline is as visual.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Beethoven, then Beethoven can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clap man. Come on.
Disasters are the largest minority in the world, and the most discoveries in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we have all the society to teach our children.
My leatherback has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flattened by the diagnose of the television Sunday Luchnete and the key Lordan Arabic.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandwich and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matts.
The world is going to be coming up to the Arabic world that has become crazy.
I was declined in the representation of the great state of New Jersey in the CNN of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Massachusetts: an organization charity to give the Palestinian refugee kids a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in life, and I devote this talk to her memory.
"I go on peace, paper."
I call me Massachuary Zalley, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a little town in South Asia.
This village is near Mozart.
The drought leads to the small village to poverty and the edge of the income.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mozart, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city to the outskirts of Mozart.
After maybe a parallel year, nothing.
One day he is approached by a lady who offers him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to despare.
He knows a dynamic group of people who give it a desk.
It gets a little money to buy new clothes, money to send home, her family.
They present to a young guy.
It finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, is a bomb car.
That little boy from that little town with dreams of the great care was the suicide bomber and that dynamic group of people were al Shakespeare, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little boy in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him interrupting?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we called the expectancy period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the carbon, young urban urban men who are dropping riots in Johnson, which are distributions in London, who are looking for something beyond the expert of the expectancy."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the expert of the expert, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the sharks, will be the story of the cities.
And in my city of birth, Mozart, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mozart last month, and I went to visit the Middle Hospital.
I remember being in front of that anti-protection hospital to balloons thinking, and if I never would have been gone?
What if I had seen myself forced to be in that same period of waiting?
Would it have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mozart that month was actually to help some juvenile leaders in a corporate war.
I went back to about 90 different juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had an idea of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Moshawa, he graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a graduate university, unfortunately, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shakespeare and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recovered.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Version years of civil war have completely destroyed the viral system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
Adam saw an opportunity and applied.
It started a motorcycle company.
He started to rent mountains to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of motors over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this different story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the period of expectation."
He faces young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mooretting, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people in the business of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohaba came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you ever saw fresh flowers.
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a business company and flow design.
I created a farm in the outskirts of Mozart, and he started to grow to grow to the toughees and long, which once said, could survive the hard climate of Mozart.
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding flowers, creating gardens at home, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public public park in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial pink roses.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohabbo presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO to work for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs. They could be article of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So inspiring young people and creating business spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put their business around.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, the support that they need to move from consciousness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mouth is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They add the street kids from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralysis of the expert period."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn the young people in entrepreneurs -- they come together and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and the Peace Parks that you have authentically authentically holding and performances and periods.
Thank you.
I was about ten years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Mothers mountains, an area of the north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The file forest.
The sun was making the leaves glow like a virtual, and not to be the way that we had, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to spend that land.
We get to our camp.
He was a corporate in a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the lobby, there was a habitat, from about four square feet with apple hearts and aluminum paper balls, and old camera.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry, and I was incredibly confused.
The companies that were too lazy to pull out what they had done, who thought he was going to clean their bases?
That question kept with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our barrier?
No matter how you organize or where do you put your own out," who clean our trash in Sub-Saharan Saudi?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash -- at the reason of 11,000 tons of waste and 20,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that carbon?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intrinsic.
I needed to focus more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in trucks. I drive them.
And it was operating the mechanical scanners and barriers the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong one is used quickly.
It costs a lot used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies were following the weight of taking on their body tons every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratories Africa, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous oppositions in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and coming into the traffic all day and you're going to stick around you.
They just want to go, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of the trash.
When you get out of the moon and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I firmly believe that waste collection is the most important job in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health drivers.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective, every day, this starts to stand up from your container and your inherent dangers threatened us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the economics of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal its relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily speed necessary.
With that I mean just at the speed of the speed that we used to move into the time compose.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't repair or we have our coffee cup of us, our bag of the stones, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a job of work on the other side that will come from it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost literature.
They're in the street every day in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you want to wait.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us except for ourselves, from our own waste, our reserves, and that flow should always stay in a form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the grandmother of a waste collection truck in the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his root recycling trajectory as he did all the mirrors.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me, and he just said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be okay."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste collection and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul -- we worked together many times and we got good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts for recognizing the way that we exist on this planet as a species, we need to include and count all the cost, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste -- what we think when we talk about barriers, they represent three percent of the waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean up the trash of you, take a moment to recognize it.
Take me a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life to be part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the local conditions and traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abraham.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go away."
After seeing some of these buildings there are a lot in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight us.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so you need a lot of confrontation.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a pinni by trying to get so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the ancient market that is this strong structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every single day to little sellers.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by thinking about the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, putting all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclined attribute that creates a space to the free air in the building that strikes it, by its own shape, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue that was similar to a park of ants to allow the input of the air, and also the light, but in a filtered way.
Then we are inspired in these beautiful buttons of the eyes of the eyes.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little pressured pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a way controlled inside of the building.
This is made up with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't really easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we ask."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because ultimately there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't needed to have an air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy attractive for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these drops in the roof, which in order collect water for the individuals in the inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I ever designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years of ancient that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 simple blocks similar in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines, and this changed the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like application, as a essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the media climate?
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that ensure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European blocks, and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians for them.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like breaking into the community that was occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and society, and make activities such as running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes the communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, who improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and that they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of pencils -- cute -- it was super strong for the capitals of states, very good for the capitalism.
I ended up that year and I was full of colors, until I took my sinister plan.
One day I stayed a time after I came out of school, and I was a little late and he hid me in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was slowly, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book of grades.
And then, I did.
The ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just some of them.
All the States.  And I went back to the book, but some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a fresh, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them out of Diet and myself a row of this, just to be there, because I could ...
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea emerges.
I don't understand why I felt good at it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was desperately obvious.
I never discovered me.
But most of all, I was struck by the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for organization.
I am intrigued by the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so panels.
We know that babies suffer from chickens.
Also primates, the blue birds are very proper.
We know that the balls are the number one cause of security murder in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction because the novels are like the lab that the balls are studying in all its possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no hair, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no ice in the bottom, no Diso.
There would be no cell king or "The 1,000 and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would go down the high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The Red and Force, no "Gate and Finance." We would lose Mad Book, and "No K."
Without jealousy, there is no Project. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, almost all of them.
This year, 100 years of his master work, "In search of lost time: the most extractive study of sexual chicks and also the ordinary competition of the ordinary competition, my own, all we could have.  And thinking about Proust -- we have the synthetic details -- right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a threatening magic in you of washing you.
We forget about how hard that image is.
We forget about how implant it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Woman said were as hard as a cat trick.
I don't know what the cat is, but we assume it's surface.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the colors, the balls and Proud.
Is it going to be very obvious that the jealousy, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their implants, are they a sort of solid narrative, right?
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel children.
When we feel children, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
By the same time names and audience, we know exactly what details will include to clone the knife, right?
The hairs make us all amateur novelists, and that's something that I produced understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give it pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts to tell himself that story, and since then, he said that every single fresh thing that Santa detects in his lover, adds to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Santa and Proust were notoriously hallucination.
You know, the Project novels would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so bad to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The balls are advantage.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the bolls?
The balls are nuclear from information.
The balls use the details.
The balls like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small pencil standards.
The balls are nucled from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  I produced the language of the language with the colors of the colors.
When Santa is in his helium air, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe the services of his lover -- then it defines those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replicable, but it's not different from the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monument.
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
So I produced is trying to prove that the balls are intensive and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're search for knowledge, search for the truth, a painful truth -- in fact, to what Project continues, the more painful the truth, the better.
Pain hunter, the humility, the loss, these were the pathways toward the Suburban wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a much deeper range of feelings and vital than a wise man who can interest us.
Is it telling us we're going to look for cruel women?
No. I think it's trying to say that cells revealed ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed by our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so peculiar intensive?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very nice young man who was consumed with the idea that her woman would deceive him.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what her wife was.
Well, she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife did without realizing involuntary behaviors.
Sound too much? Is it accidentally rocket with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the constant of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the hairs make us look at intensity, but without precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the balls lead us to do violent or illegal actions.
The balls drive us to behave in totally imperfectionist.
Now I'm thinking about myself at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman from Michael from 52 years old, he was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from which he sent to visit messages -- awful to himself, for a year.
Every year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration with admiration with it.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous, although unfortunately, creativity, right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel from Patrick Higgs.
Highs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the "from "The Street Auto in a Train and "The talented Mr. Rippia, books that are trying to treat the cells, confused our minds, and once we are on the sphere, at the realm of the colors, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be perfectly purpled in a second.
Take Tom Rippian, your most famous character.
Tom Richard is going to want or want what you have to get away from your being, and you will be aware of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, carrying your rings, empty your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Ripping.
I can't give you all of the world, as much as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in the time of envy.
We live in the days of jealousy.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where is it the season? Right?
The novels show us the street? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go back to 211 Barry Street and ask by Shekhara Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think of the evil malaria on Professor Morgan, that criminal genius.
But I've always been present -- "In the French Institute, the head face of School Yard rain that needs Hollywood desperately needs the Hollywood genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Lester needs its help, but the residents, and bubble with bitter in each of the mysteries of it.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Adventure of the Six Natives, once Hollywood comes in, he was leaving all of them with his solution, Lester comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not polar, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person in Scott Yard who didn't want to hold her hands.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood talented in history. I find this very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the hairs as a geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute are the same side.
All of a sudden, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the balls are really a geometry, just a question where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the exception of the other.
We can connect with it.
But I like the content plans.
So as long as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
It's just the figure of democratic files.
So the fiction used to do the domestic, I invite you to the table.
And look at what advances, the Leader Super, the terrifying Tom Rippian, the Lord Robert, the same Mary Project.
We're in great company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of the Apollo 11 of the Apollo 11 and disappeared on the Sea of Tradition.
Armstrong and Alberto were alone, but their presence in the surface gray surface was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in peace times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget today.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked about 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo finance, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Don't walk on their surface, which Alberto after the Armstrong death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't have a lot of back, 38 pounds of old rocks -- and something that 24 emphasize later, a new sense of the little and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1963 gives us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some people ask, why do the moon moon?
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you might also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain to scale.
35 years ago, why flying over the Atlantic Asia?
Why do I play Richard against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pond: For the contemporary, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transition of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tricks.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, polio is eradicated and eliminated with smallpox.
Technology seemed to be doing what Alvin Toyota in 1970, called "except "sea?
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 crew fly at 40,000 miles / hour.
Since 1970, no human being turned to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism open on the power of technology has evolved to see that problems that we imagined as going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seems to be interpretation.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 decades.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the shoe of the Saturday Saturday rocket.
I knew that this would be the last month mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists would have distributed us and have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a Palestinian explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you have created less ambitious companies than those of the years that Intel was funded in, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the investment of risk causes the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains what is wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their time without worrying about the risk, they prefer small investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Chris have always been problems to invest with benefits in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term development -- they've never invested in the developing technology development to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind, and biomechanics. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biomedicians.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologies, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties incentives the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the price price.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy from the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seemed technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from time that famines are result of failure in the food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for storage and store of food, but there will be hungry while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes lead a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon will declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance of treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present, political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, and institutions have to support the solution, and it has to be really a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, and it meets those criteria with them.
But it's a brown model in the future.
We're not in 1960.
There is no base competition as in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who sounds difficult and dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of fiction fiction as a single solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to begin to remind you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become clicks of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the record and the goal and the task have been bad interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why people think trust has declared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I love to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have sure.
But I can take opinion, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are not many evidence of it.
That is, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disconnect.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite confident, judges -- nurses, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly half of the way.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, is opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see are generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Do you trust the breaks?
Do you trust the fisherman?
Do you trust the primary presidents?
You probably start to ask, "What do you want to ask for what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of you, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to define trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain kind of office, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say that I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is differentiated, why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to make good judgment to the fact that we trust something or something.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue for.
I would point out to have more trust in what is making trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm of not to trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who deployed their savings with the very highly called Mr. Mobita, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too trust.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Helping an intelligence or negative confidence with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, you say, yeah, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the pedestrian matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible. We couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competition and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the email because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I don't think I have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible but extremely disorder.
If this is like this, I haven't been perceived yet.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness. trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative role than to go on the part of it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional life, that the account system that is destined to guarantee trust and evidence testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is they play the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts -- suggesting that they make the houses make the houses, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will give people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or policies are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes that don't do properly.
Third, task.
To call the task rebuilding trust, it puts things upside down.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, it's distinctive because we give us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to provide female evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, common people, functional, institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can bring them out without giving explanations to them.
I take them and get me back to the money, or they change me by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're aiming is not very hard to distract.
What people trust is relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is dealing with trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving for reducing separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of screen in which imagination can be disappointed.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly and more and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no bars?
I started imagining what it would be.
I first created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the open open against screen transfers their physical body to pictures.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool, the barriers broke apart.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Divide Science division in Microsoft, along with my mentor Pat Boltzickla, I redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pictures directly with hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book from a shelf.
You can bend the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that you have below every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the paper and make digital information come to us?
Severe, many of us will have bought and back on the Internet.
Now that doesn't worry about it.
What I have here is an online virtual test.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translate when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Israel and my collaborator Remote Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space, which means that as much the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplify, what we did was we announced gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means human movements can record and go back and stay in the physical world.
You can teach corporate corals physically and distance and the famous shots of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monitor or the text books, this is a real, palpable experience that you can touch and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what is most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hansa, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was just a close path to happiness -- a safe and safe work.
No matter whether work would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer singing.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the rooms, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I until I wrote the school director and the president of a radio program.
But no adults would take the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends were supported me, but they were kids, no authority like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
And so, for the rest of my life a second class of second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved to look for another vocal.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went back to books.
"Like Sandworth Countries Come Charles? (Audiences of National Harria came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese prison life.
And it's not constantly. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was an revelation, honor your father and your mother."
Honor: I said, "It's so different, and much better than the open."
So it became my tool to get out of this crazy guilt trap, and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave my comparative reading habit as well.
It opens up many perspectives.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to myself, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contract, offer the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not also do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try with people "Because "Below Wallenge Francisco, "Boy Adams" from David McDonald's who were involved in the same success, or friends with shared experiences.
To the crisis, the trends are economic, politics and spiritual treatments.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychological, lust, fear and social storytellers.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages.
"Collective the Talk There You Marrow "The The House of The The The The The The The The Tale Wallengers instead of being lost in the translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "father fast."
And John in Chinese, literally means new mother." Oh Oh ...
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to be able to feel just just or powerless ever.
Having a desperate dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that the reaction is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a deforest dream can do that for you.
And that's because of books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always take them up.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychologist of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in a clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came into the first session using carpets and a hunter toy, threw up on the couch of my office took off the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so cleaned.
My class of class had a pyramid as a first client.
And I got a prediction I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the joke stories that Alex brought into the seasons, it made me easy to move the head while we broke the solution.
"The trial are the new prevention: Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you get home, then you have children later, and the death happens later.
For the closesters like Alex and I had a time of about.
But soon after, my survival pushed me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I was resistant to me.
I said, "Sure, it's coming out with guys under his category -- it stands up with a hold head, but it's not like it was going to marry him."
And then my survival said, "I still don't know, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best time to work on Alex marriage is before you marry.
This is what psychologists call an Aphren moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex be a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the futures of the periods everywhere.
There are 50 million personality in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood without going through the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20th.
I want to see the periods here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with pressures, you love a pressure, you take the dream of a predator, I want to see. It's fine. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at the age of 35 years.
This means that eight in 10 decisions and experiences and moments and moments that give their life will have happened for when they have 30 and so on.
People from over 40 -- they don't get in panic people.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up their second and final scale of growth in its 20s and it's reproduced for adulthood, which means that if there is something that they want to change themselves, now it's time to change themselves.
We know that the personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their Twitter at the age of 28 and things become complicated at 35 p.m.
The 20 are the time to educate over their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily life and common life has an impact on the person that will become a performance.
But what we don't hear with often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the pencils are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the time line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists love the reductions of the pressures like "Texas and "Polished."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a tradition that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berner said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think when you give a palm to a pressure in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of emergency and their ambition and nothing happens absolutely nothing.
And then every day, intelligent personality, interesting like you or their children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before you get 30, everything will be okay."
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20 are to end and I still have nothing to show you yet.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the chairs game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point about 30, the music came off, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the printed pressures here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme but not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the tricks and so many of you start a career, pick a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that start to show that it's much more difficult and stressful to do everything once at the time.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
To realize you can't have the son you want to now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
Many trails and speakers look at themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the pedestrians are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or in the entertainment, but I still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a show.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had ever been more difficult.
He cried often in our seasons, but then she woke up herself when she said, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new freedom for a director, and he had spent all the morning by putting it up with his lots of contacts. But then he kept seeing the empty space that follows after the words, "In case of emergency.
I was on the point of the story when he saw me and he said, "Who's going to be for me if I have an automobile accident.
Who is going to care about if it gives me cancer?
At that time, I was very happy to resist and not say, "No."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really was worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit down as the decade of Emma was going on.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I said to Emma three things that all openness, man or female, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that he would forget about that crisis of identity and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean to do something that add value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be after.
I didn't know the future of Emmanuel career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that internal, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not looking at the experience of the prediction, I'm looking at the exploration that shouldn't tell you, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's protocol.
I said to Emma that I would explore jobs and make them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are superstard.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport out, but the pressures that are together with friends with similar minds are limited by who they know, what they know about, how they talk, and where they work.
That new capital piece of capital -- that new person with whom almost always comes from the outside of its closest circle.
The new things come from what they call weak friends of friends from their friends.
Yes, half the perspective have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way that we can hold this group.
Half of the working jobs never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a prediction, Emma soon elected his family, when he has a partner and form his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come.
You might think that the 30 is better to sit in mind than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live with now or remember now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing the time with whoever you choose to you.
So what happened to Emman."
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the fourth of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak bond helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend.
Now, five years later, it's a special business of events.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
She loves his new career, love his new family, and I was sending a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with aversion.
It's very easy to help you.
The pedestrians are like planes coming out from the Los Angeles airport, which comes out somewhere from the west.
Just before you go, a slight administration in your trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fish.
In the same way, at the age of 21, or at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good desert, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here is my idea of spreading all the pressures you know.
It's as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of saying to personal as Emma every day, the tricks are not the new 20, they take their adulthood. They get identity capital, use their weak ties. They choose your family.
They don't let us define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job for a job that was even more existing: document.
I went to show you mathematics to seventh grade students in New York public schools.
And as any professor, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, calculated grades.
What I called the attention was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better performance didn't have a conservation of CEO conservation.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure are hard, propositions, decorations, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time.
After several years of diagnosis, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the CEO, but what if I succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn differently and easy ways.
So I left the classrooms and I went to university to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Poet.
We tried to predict what cars would remain in military training and who would be retired.
We went to the National Council of Deline and we tried to predict what children would move the most far possible in competition.
We studied business teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those people, who will be the most effective to improve the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking questions, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs off of work?
And who's going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts -- a feature.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't good appearance, physical health, and was not the C.
It was determination.
Democracy is passion and perspective to achieve very long-term goals.
Definition is to have resistance.
The determination is to hold its future, day after day, not only for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working hard to make that future a reality.
Definition is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination conservations and then waited about more than a year to see who would be graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when I took them into every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or at the National Library of Deline in which the determination matters. It's also in school, especially for children at risk of leaving it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a single job of work?
How do you keep them in the long run?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals who just don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly not related or is even related to the talent measure.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called "creative measure."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Doctor, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dewey has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they are much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to get worse, to start all again with the lessons that are learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a call, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing me the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
Since that time, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an orange, it seems as impossible as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can melt this wall, so that what you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and faster way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read transit signals, restaurant menus, understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as you can even be square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a French way, "It's "all shot? This symbol is actually original to the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors in a song in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so they believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's "go."
As the old said, two are company, three are complaint.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was like this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner -- like Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, you have the fields.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a story.  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two jobs together, it gets very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
Put your fire under the two trees, that is burning it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two alone together, I hope.
Three together, those are stores.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the shine.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. </s> the sand.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
I played there are somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, shining up, evidence.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have a care adversion.
So we've gone through almost 30 characters.
When you use this method -- the first eight radical papers will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters, which is the same as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characteristics, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin. We created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains piled on one another.
In the ancient China, that meant existent, because Chinese emperor would hurt their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you where to come out is a salt.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad are the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician.
The movie mastered their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glonal, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand, and he took a magic wand, and he gave him a magic wand, and he gave him a magic wand, and he gave him a magic wand, and he gave him a magic wand, and he gave him a magic wand, and he gave him a magic wand, and he gave him a magic
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raised our children in a kind of industrial fantasy of childhood fantasy.
However, Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took for years later with a little bit of a movie whose prototypes, a metal guy and a metal guy who rescued a girl who was dressed as a guard of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the ozone magician and all the films we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in Earth Magazine.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Earth of Oz did today, the magician would say, Dory, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated army computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another single thing in the ozone magician is that the most heroic and more wise and even violent characters are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down.  So he went down in the room and he was impressed as a mother leg with his pathogens behind and I don't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
And I wonder what it is.
Would you be value and perseverance, and leading?
Would it have the feeling that Luke is an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this to the March Magazine of 1949.
How do you win Dory your movie?
By doing good friends with everybody and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up with Olympic, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much energy capital F, force in movies for our children, and so little about the walk of yellow little little bloods?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read as much about how kids react to this stimulus story.
I know that the Lewis princess doesn't provide the right framework that had been served to navigate the world of adults who are mixed.  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are they still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies focus on defeat the village and get their reward. They don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and defend the Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, the boys, they're not really their target audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend against the pathogen, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to defend the pathogen.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely and lovely as Benjamin and Katrina, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after classical after a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who create a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, eventually came out Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the criticism said when he came out of Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a prince.
It's very good. Don't let them stop it.
Well, almost none of these films passes the Bellett test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet gotten roots and already spread out, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alice Bell is a comic comic drawing, and in the middle 1980s, I recorded a conversation I had with a friend about the assessment of films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to be done, in the movie, there is more of a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking about each other at some point in the movie.
Your conversations are about something more besides the kid than you like it?  Right? Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, argument.
Right? OK, success -- stick success -- an idea of what a quality of quality is.
Virtually doesn't pass the test of Bellot.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an ambassador where women and women are hiding during the crisis of the regime.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actions to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, home?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the most popular films, how many of them believe they have female prototypes?
Open. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a larger number that is going to determine this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the kids for kids have something to do with that.
I don't think music or portal videos are closely linked to us, but something wrong with it, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things that I think is a lot of sex agency.
Who are those guys? What are you learning about?
What do you do not learn?
Are you applying the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then get the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our device as a pig polio, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, will it be able to protect them if at the same time, active or passively are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of the masculinity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the assassinational.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character from "Star Wars know what he responded?
Okay.
Open Kenya and Glonal.
What do these two have in common?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anybody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories to tell my son, and he sees and fight only and more stories where it looks like his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people better improve and be better people, like the OECD magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked the most was to look for sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these short.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect me.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally, when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that I would do with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length next to the Sun.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
So to try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see it differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we see infrared information.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Bellow.
And the place, at the naked view, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink rose.
What you're seeing are the actual chemical changes of landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of ancient Egyptian activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Islamic, lost for thousands of years.
Italian was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fash, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Islamic was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge input plan.
This area is enormous. It's about 600 miles per mile.
First of all, the Nick stream right next to the Israel and as it changed over time, it was moved into this one and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a similar city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it in random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a dead, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves with them.
So we used NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile flows from.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the location of Israel.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs. You can see it here.
When I say it is like the shows of the ice, but instead of climate change layers we look for layers of human opposition.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of logist, we find a dense layer of oil objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italian, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that date the Middle Empire exactly the same period that we think is Israel.
We also found works of fire, coral, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the middle of the Middle Empire -- these are the stones that they used for.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Isabali here, but we will go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire probably was written in Italian 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So as it looks like that, TED wasn't founded in 1984 Dr.
They made ideas actually began in 1984 to C. C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine seasons in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the door of the door, to the material that he's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese newspapers in bicycles.
They're competing in a bike carbon race, and they go in the direction of their front door.
I need you to see this.
They're standing strong, they're sweating, they're going a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on on the side of their side, rays from the wheels that end up in abstract places. They pass the threshold threshold.
The lobby, the hallway, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, light shining over the Galapagos Monterey.
It's waving with your hand.
It's from his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse.
You can feel your blue dolphin taking them on the nose.
You can smell the air cookie and you pass that is about to get in the mouth.
They go on the side and they enter their living room.
In the room, and using maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Sports.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "Hit Baby One Moral Time."
Now take me to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow path pathway and from the oven come to you Doron, the Power Man -- the Peace Mandeler and the Latin Marl Lion Law of Ohio, and you get out of your hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memory."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping that this was like the end of a wise supercomputer.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different helicopters and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
Compare to see who could memorize more rapidly.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Hey, when did you realize that you were a saving?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise say.
Actually, I have a average memory.
All of them who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 250 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that China used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, even though a little excuse, he said, "Joshua, you are an American journalist you.
Do you know British Spiders?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I'd like to teach Britney Sports how to memorize the order in a living bar deck in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Sports, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named E.T.
He's a male, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem. It's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed it to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Prey. He was based on Dutch Hotphon paper in the movie "Radio Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing telephone books, was central.
And when I went back, I read a number of treaties about the memory written about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and grown was not as rare as you can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed as well.
As we have almost no need to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the latest places on our planet in where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and grown is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really as linguistic -- there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers in the University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Do you want to know: Is it going to have brains in some way, structural or anatomy different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you smarter than the rest of you?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually no.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory camps and the control subjects of control with them to compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic restaurant machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of company of snow, found that in memory camps were lit out of the brain, different to others.
They actually used it, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is made as an armed race where each year comes up with someone with a new way to remember more things, faster quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must get a day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 names of names that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique he invented and only him mastered it.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 44-year-old digital digits.
In half hour. Yes.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end they reduce a single concept that psychologists call electronic companies.
It illustrates with a permission known as the Barack Parkinabruism -- "Blue says this: I tell two people who remember the same word -- I tell you.
That's his apple.
And then I ask them, "You remember there's a Babylon "Baby."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word that I told you about a matter?
"You remember what it was?
The person who told her that their name is Babylon is a little bit likely to remember the same word as the person who told her that their work is background."
Same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Babyle name doesn't mean anything for you.
with all the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word -- Babylon. We know paintings.
They use silver white hats.
They have harm in the hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we heard that word, for the first time, we started putting an association of association to strike them at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data two years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the memory of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simulations that attended a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't go to a DNA, you hired a poet.
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he marched down, and so soon it was, the bank of the bank collapsed up.
Show them all.
But not just killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies by giving them investments.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simple, standing outside, only survive, in the middle of the rubble in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes, and realized that with your eyes of your mind, I could see where every single invited was.
I took the families in the hand by taking them where their loved beings were loved between the rubble of the rubble of the hand.
What Simulators added at that moment is something that we all know about it, and that is that no matter whether we're not good for remembering names or phone numbers or industries for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional spatial memory.
If I asked them to remind me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you of Simulators, it's very likely to do it very difficult to do.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who was sitting on the horse side in their veteran, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and to play with images with the things that you want to remember -- and the more crazy things, the more that it managed, the more crazy and the more that you seemed to be an image, the more that you are.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first treated memory treaties.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make it memory in the same way that they had done China if they had invited it to TED 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're on your doorstep.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous image, crazy and inevitably to help us remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely insect competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Galapagos of the Galapagos mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce their friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Sports to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not words for words, which is going to confuse them, but typical type.
In fact, the term technical term comes from the Greek Toyago, which means "longer."
It's a dress of when people thought about office and retina with this kind of space terms.
The first place in the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory palm.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got out of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something weird about this subsidizing memory substitution.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting taking exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is marriage in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school ride bought in a lung market.
And I found that this was surprisingly entertaining.
Never had I expected it to be.
It was interested, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is to improve the ability to create the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, chemicals, propositions, installations, abstractions and hopefully -- in the eye of the mind.
And I was very happy with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and a couple of security glasses covered with tape leaving just two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended back to the same contest that I had covered a year before, and I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of participatory personality.
I thought this could be a good blow for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contagion, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory palms or memorize bars of neighborhoods, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply on.
The malaria palm -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real attacks.
They work because they make us work.
They form a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of us will not go through.
But the reality is that there's no shortcuts.
That's how things make memorians.
And if there is something that I want to leave you to today is what E.T. is the American that I couldn't even remember that had a memory problem, I left myself to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short cost in the Blackbooks or iPhone -- not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side -- will we be so holistic that we don't even bother processing in deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person I remember remembering remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we will take just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from NA. Jersey, I was six years old and lived there at my parents' home in a village called Lincoln, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there everybody was looking at the time watching the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I was like, I was going back and forth in a towel.
And I was like this.
It was total, insecure and hated it.
I hated that tour, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
list.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, or distribution division, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we make.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize ourselves.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
So this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you think of them, think of power: "self-assembly and democracy."
And I know that they think about it in a building built 250 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a desperate that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build homes.
Look, these stable salamanders, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
People who build the undergraduates and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found ourselves with buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Lincolner that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round, columns, red brick -- that let us enter what Lincoln tries to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was finished -- that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible for the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these buildings, are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the puzzle.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the forms of life today.
We provided, we push and demonstrate so much, we get completely away from people.
Everybody in black, this is depressed, you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we have no choice.
We have to go on the other side and go back to those super-controlled symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like transitions, so we start to experience again. So we start to look back on the back of the back and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called browser."
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows in scale scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
Let's push the instrument back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know they like and we update them.
We added a lot and we add cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give it about that.
We take Chinasan armed and turn them into skyscrapers that can be medieval cards made of glass.
The shapes were grateful, they won in audacity and color.
The windows became columns.
The signs grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But they were '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be to the Mediterranean, to French.
So possibly with a pink palm single pink.
This is what happens with the propeller.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Torstone.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started to make the instrument again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called demographics.
We disappeared the historical symbols, now we count with new design techniques, and we find ourselves with new compositions.
This is academic and emergency, and it's super impact. One is totally excluded.
Normally, the puzzle is able to speak again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Georgetown of Billboard, from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldman said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academics and public in general, they completely agree about a building.
The New York Times was heating this miracle construction.
The tourist in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Plenisible.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media got back around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism that were the way.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
They did the main mayor of the world.
So they all believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennia.
He happened to Zagah and Liberia, and what happened with these little elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think of it, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk up to the next village to see a building.
The transport steps, you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we are all architecture, and the building is being transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we found ourselves with buildings like this.
The brutal was not a two-year-old movement, but in 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen -- I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete -- the steel or the answer, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the product to media, it starts to get faster and faster, until you get in both extremes almost simultaneously, and you really develop the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols, with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came in.
This is the center of a village called Pintons in Filbert Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was over, it was a part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started getting and shared in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that one made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes you cooperate with the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries.
If that building was built today, we will first go to the Internet in search of new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That is communities.
The meetings that can lead to Lincoln Mayor to people in Lincoln, and tell them that there is no single answer to what a library today.
We are part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use gravitational words and complicated drawings, and you are no longer a disabled audience who doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let you be numb by architecture.
That means that the technology program of one style to another, from a movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the architecture history, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different from buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Secretary can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick brick in ideas of what is supposed to be a stadium.
So this means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because eventually we will be ready for ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are ambitious to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, also can serve to make sports or for yoga. Or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream on the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, is no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little ring of kidney regions, as much as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no longer matter if it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, more intelligent and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not in the opposite side.
They find an architect, and we work and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they give it to the smaller spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the dark step to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stephen.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it like that great, typical way of children in a year, taking place, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflex.
It's laughing and chicken, and it gives himself those big and wet kisses itself.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when I stopped doing this?
How is it that suddenly we're not to like our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I a grain?
This is Fah, it's 13 years old and lives in Dener.
And as any teenager just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or colleagues of school tell you, doesn't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of herself -- he published it in YouTube, and he asks others please leave a comments, "Am I a nice or "Am I a grain?
Well, so far, Fash has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so unpleasant that it's not even worth thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and running teenager, who gets these answers in one of the stages of their life most emotionally vulnerable.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it bringing them to do this?
Well, today's adolescents are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about it, giving me "I like to like, coming, sharing, publishing -- this never ends.
Never before we have been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implant.
This environment, of being always connected, is providing our kids to automatically cut out in the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There is no divide between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated by it.
What is the scariest thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are derived from the news of the girls of now.
zero-sum models continue to dominate our passwords.
The administration of the arrest is now a routine route.
And trends like, the testimony, the shoes, the Thomas and the Prosthetic.
For those of you who know it, I hope it means prevalent.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people behave.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the super-controlled stars of sports and the real singers of the sport.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be individually balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies, and others start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom. They avoid to participate in the classroom debates because they don't want to attract attention for their physical ways.
One in five are not attending classes at all for days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you look at good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a lower note to the average of your fellow who don't care about it from the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it is regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, so that we are just talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is depositing academic performance.
And it's also driving health.
Teenagers with little self-esteem are getting less physical activity, they eat less fruit and less vegetables, they participate in more healthy diet that can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by people who surround them and are at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all about what they make more risky decisions, such as alcohol and drug consumption -- dramatic directors, sexual surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and unprecedented damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is presenting the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have a overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have more abstract rates.
17 percent of women don't present to an interview of work in a day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity do?
Reading this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we need to trust trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs -- without realizing it, worse the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
One education is fundamental -- but we're facing this problem requires each of us to take the roofs in the issue, and we are a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging current status as women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the ratio of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or to invite that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not because they see.
We can all start doing it by taking responsibility by the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you got a mirror back?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion of it.
We have to put people that are actually making the difference in a pesticide.
We make it a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that go out in the big screen, because we will just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they believe that they are never being able to be who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Your wife?
Your sister.
Your daughter.
Your owner? Your friend?
It could just be the woman who is two discussions of distance -- what would it mean for her if it was released from that self-assembly voice in his interior, that I gave him not having long legs, mountains more thin, a more flat feet -- fewer feet smaller?
What would it mean for her if we knew this, and we would say read to their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is getting us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show you that the way you look at is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them by who they are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in the curriculum of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trains of one year of age today, they become agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five in 1990, a gentleman named Evansassa New entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Medica Kalaya, the leader of defense Lego Jewish.
Now I initially would be able to do it innocent -- but being pressure for other minor charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 continents in New York City, including tunnels, synchronizes and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant of it.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't help.
Later New States would be convicted by his participation in that bombing.
Evan New is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, elementary school teacher, and the two did all possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few people, even most Muslims -- come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are sticking so deeply to their convictions that you think that you have to use every possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to the board training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Carte Tasks that without knowing our group, was visited by the FBI.
When I got my dad to pull, my father helped me hold the river in the shoulder, and he explained to me how to aim for about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I gave to the small orange light on the goal and for surprise of all, especially mine, the whole goal broke in flames.
My uncle turned to others and in Arabic, said "I was about."
Such father, such a child.
At all, the comment produced a lot of laughter -- but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later they would be convicted to put up a card with 700 pounds of explosions in the underground season of the World Trade Center -- causing an explosion that killed six people and 60 other people.
I admired those men.
I called them "Mumbley -- which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved down 20 times, and that instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near somebody already was a time to start and go to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class in frequency was male victims.
I was looking at secret my identity to avoid being the white one, but it will be the new of the class, silence and regret, was enough communication.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it softly to grow up under fantastic, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They raised me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that I tried to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a president program in which I participated at the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youth violence, like I had been a victim of killing almost all my life, was something that felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different prints.
One day, towards the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids with whom we had done friendship, was Jewish, was a Jewish one.
I took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that the whole life had made me believe that it was a geneticist.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a park of fun.
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had taught me that humory was a sin and, by extension, all of the homosexuals were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most famous and less critical ones I had seen in life.
Having been accused as a child, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat people who are kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is homology, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the David Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart became intellectually honest about my intolerance, and it helped me to see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, they have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my patent figure at a moment where I was desperately going to be.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extension, wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I will be in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough documentary and said, "I'm tired of heart.
At that time, I realized how much negative energy needs to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zack Egypt.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope somebody day, who is trying to lead to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, which even though I was told to this violent and intuitive ideology, I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against predictions.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk against those meaningless acts of terrorism, as I reject the actions of my father.
So with this simple I'm going to show you here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multi-size movie.
It's in 3D, and it has surfing sound of what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your movie has an arm, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger your platform.
It has emotions, angry and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected in front of your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice on your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in right.
This film is your conservation flow, the subject of the mind and the experience of the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you know, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a consciousness of it.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that process what we got to produce results without experiencing the inner movie film?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So it can never exist a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology was studying behavior, obviously, neuroscience studied the brain, but no one ever mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all began to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Critic and physicists like Roger Penn said, "Now it's time for science addressing consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanuagon's presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a corridor science.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want it to explain the consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter, why is that all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the embarrasses, like the humps, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the exhibitions work, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- they're all questions about objective works.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behaviors are accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a scientific heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of lunch that works. For a long time, I would hit the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in terms of physical terms.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're sitting at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
So we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that are at the beginning, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there's not such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the purely reductional consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time that I want to, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental little little little little little aspects -- space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties don't explain in terms of any more basic terms.
Instead, they become fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is going to be alleved.
In the 19th century, Mahatma found that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts of conscious concepts -- space, time, mass laws of Newton -- so I put the basic laws of electromagnetic and put electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern government.
I think that's the situation that we find on consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of existing fundamental ideas, space, time, mass charge, then by a matter of logic, you have to look at the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to do it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want to want fundamental laws so simple that we could just knock them on a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws they are, but that's what we love.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called painful, "Pan-A-4 for all, Pepper for mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, dogs, mice, flies -- even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when he thinks, "Oh, it will always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the responses.
No, so no.
But the thinking is that perhaps the photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective -- some primary precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy.
How would someone think something so crazy?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, and time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems unusual, it's much less for people of different cultures where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the physical process, is link consciousness with information.
Whenever there's a process of information, there's consciousness.
complex information processing as a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Gillian Tonynal, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called a country, which measures the degree of information embedded in a system.
And I assume it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an amazing degree of information integration, a high degree of information, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- quite significant, degrees of pretty important awareness.
But when you get to the players, microbes. Microbes, the degree of the five said.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will be still a level of discovery of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of consequence, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that passing can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire come out of the equations?
From the passive vision of the physics you can leave as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists basically do, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of adult.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, passenger vision, has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and it can have some pretty serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetable.
If you're a pandemic and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think thinking about it, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Sangha in the House movie.
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of panicking information, she has a complicated information processing -- integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right, you have quite serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of the application.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective collections, the planet.
Canada has its own conscious?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this passenger view, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental than the second one, that it's universal.
Vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and the philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came up to my parents, because I wanted to join me for a prize of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there is an obvious problem.
She doesn't really get anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's filter, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series "Buck The Sampa Salah and Davids Creek."
Yes, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of teaching at a high school in Melaway high school, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your speech?
And I said, "What did you say?
Well, I had been talking about the law of doctor for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about inspired things in school?
"Please, in the stock room.
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with disabled people like inspiration objects.
And we don't. And it's not guilty of the guy, I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our dancers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm in this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting to inspire them. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint them.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability.
Yes, they have sold the lie that disability is something wrong, Mayo, molecules.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it exception.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You can have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invasive."
Or this one: before I left, I intend.
These are just a couple of examples, but there is a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child running with orthopedic federal legs.
And there are a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term perfectly posted, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we were dealing with the disability of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, by very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that have been strange for me to want to express that they believe that I am a brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to get me up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is complicating.
These images, those images are complicated to people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We overcome some things.
But the things that we outweigh are not the things you can think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "post-conflict term -- deliberately because I get into the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
And I do the things I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of their capacity as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to do it in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it says it as a bit.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional us.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here bondaning inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability everywhere.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And learning that this is a cool idea to use a few pits of barrier to collect the things that fall into me.  I learned the ingenious tricks of how to charge the battery of the cell phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is exploring and constantly.
I really think that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's lie is not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a trail of stairs has never done that it becomes a branch.
Never    Sony Snowden a television screen won't make the substitute for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and ruin a positive attitude to convert all those books to the brand.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to actually live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bucket the Valley Sall doesn't deserve anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have that low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get us out of bed and remembering our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a kid from 11 degrees in a high school in Melane is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheelchair.
Discipline doesn't make us exceptional -- but to question what you think you can know about it.
Thank you.
What do we have to see augmented reality and professional football with empathy embrace?
And what is the average speed of a global global?
Unfortunately, today just answering one of those questions, so please don't get up.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about "Minority Report: and in Tom Cross by putting hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, this is what drives poster, the Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I will allow you to experience what is a professional device in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and knowing what is running through the game camp at 100 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that a man in a hundred pounds chasing us, trying to decode them with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not the images of the NASA practices because the idea of the Norway technology is an underwater coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klisk," we go.
It's horrible to be tapes.
A moment. Applause a little bit.
Presented?
Go!
Chris Kliso -- as you can see, it's a proof of what is being taken in the football field, from the penguin perspective.
You may have realized that we lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington University.
Facebook Marinese) mice. Microsofts 54?
Blue 8, Blue 8." Go!
Chris Kleyom: This is a little bit more about the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field of a field.
Or a correlation?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Governor and Google Glass, how do we get from full of full level? How do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called October Rioton, which probably many of you already know.
The Child Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain lying for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we set up a video of Adrianne Peters crossing the line, getting out of a transplant with the arm before they run and make an anger? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Meadownard running out of the box, launching the bullet at the bottom of the network, or Ferri doing a block in Williamsteropoine?
What will your experience be when it comes from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic corpose?
Maybe they increase the papers for adults for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Roya.
How do we achieve the augmented reality of reality, RS: How do we achieve the reality?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the manuals and the owners look at information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So here is a quick clip on the NASA technology.
In 1965, the Pathemiteers of Baltimore put a movement to their field marijuana to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the fields of the field of the field and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player going back to your group and you see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic video that they carry poster. You don't have to worry about forgetting a player.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose stop, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parties you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your own way of playing the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from how high people are down.
You also get the information from the cards of the helmet and the accelerometer.
And all that information is sent into your players.
The good teams will know it.
The bad ones will have information.
This will differentiate the good teams of the bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your recovery, and the data analysis stop being just for nerds.
It will be for devices. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that it's the field of fields.
You get the bullet and you get back.
You look for an open receptor -- all of a sudden, a flower on the left part of your bombsight is telling you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, usually you wouldn't see it, but the RSA system is advertised you.
Move to the protection.
Another flower will warn you there is an open receptor.
You throw the bullet down, but you get down.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in your view a area of grass that lights up and can change the race.
You zoom up, you catch the ball, run and analyze.
The public releases and the fans have followed the played from every angle.
This is something that will create mass emotion in the game.
To make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you about is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circuit, like our usual entire entire?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, be in the other person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports laptops.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much does this technology do for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a farmer how their actions are from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how does it be like personally?
How much is it for a Commandment Hall or a Neil Delay Story trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of 3D and Karel notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions we make, and the challenges that we face -- they depend as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired me after 23 years of service in the Highway City of California.
And most of those 23 years I was able to kick the southern end of the Mark County of Marine County, including the Golden Gate.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Gold Gates Bridge was open in 1967.
Joseph Streets, commissioned chief from building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much at the trial of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probable."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such as the fall of it releases from all of your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one free from four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which are perceived vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
Those of you who don't usually get standing in the helpless water, and then you drowned up.
I don't think those of you who hold this suicide method realize the death method that you face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two tower, there's 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people get before they take their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at the darker time, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer holding his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing bar.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officers too.
We've run a long way since then.
Today, veterans and veterans and psychologists train the new office.
This is Jason Carbon.
I met it on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the Koran near the center.
I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate Bridge officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flew up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice as far from New Jersey to try to take care of this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Japan, he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology -- Zealands created Pandora, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box.
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From she came out planes, long, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
He stopped a few instant, he leaned on the right, and it left.
This incredibly nice, intelligent man in New Jersey was just taking my life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had asked him.
Super-sized collaborators affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved to be suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, not just talk about, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, you know, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
It's just being there, you can be the tipping point that you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is, "Oh the other in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, have you had these thoughts, right?
Contribute to the person in front can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for despair, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better. Import, believe there's nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost her son on the 19th of January this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and he's with her permission and bluefin that I read her.
Hello, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go standing on the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty smart, but notice more moments to really realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with her father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the police of Peter and reported it as disappeared that night.
At the next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A test had seen him jump from the bridge to 1858, the afternoon day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GPS, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Vietnam."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and turn the path that her son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the bridge of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
And when he saw me, he crossed the railing away, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and a half after, I heard as Kevin talked about her depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it look like to go back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I hear you.
You let me talk and just hear you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Dear Sergey British, nothing erase the events of the 11 of March, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it has been properly medication.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
Simply debt with you, Narra Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Peace: When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out like the patient.
"I said, "I had to solve it.
Today, Kevin is an active father and the active limb of society.
Talk openly about the events of that day and its depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
Super is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicided with poison.
That act -- despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about encouraging another person.
They just want your own pain to end.
Typically, this is achieved only in three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
On the final level, he looked at me, and he said, "Keep, sorry, sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Home, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people we get to contact on that bridge are not surface.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that they can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one they leave from side, they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that each and every one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can prevent you.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question marks, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that eventually had achieved the dream that I had ever had from a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, the ones I'm going to refer later, when I look at this picture I think -- Google -- you get it, you get it.
But the October, I discovered that, just I'm beginning to start.
We all get out of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to liberate -- to get rid of the limitations tax for the skin of skin or the beliefs of those surrounding us.
They are people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years -- many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, I even ignore my story.
And I think this emergency is called revelation.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genital generalizations.
I remember that my five years old in Los Philips, in my house, I always had this shirt in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to get to an authority.
The gender has always been considered an amazing fact, but now we know that it is really more complex and mysterious thing.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it will be what I'm a bad thing, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate it.
Every day I appreciate it to be woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the diet.
And when I was eight, I was in a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries here.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a conservation of the brain bear.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty conservative?
He said to me that if she participated she was going to come from the conservation and the crossbalches -- and that night, I won in bathroom suit, I won in a rubber suit, and it was third end between 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a brain of beautiful women, but I do.
I also met the goddess of despairing, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001 my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request of the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I was resistant to me.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm getting fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty river."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the gender identity of gender.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand, at the age of 19 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they do the most prestigious and sophisticated and secure.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before changing the name and gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name Green and the female gender ...
It was a great moment.
For some people, their document of identity means to be able to drive or be able to get a trail, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears looked mixing.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman named Alexander Newton.
A young woman in New York who is really living his truth, but he was able to deploy his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November we do a global monitoring by the Commandment Darwin of the Germany.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who were fighting and stood up to the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't continue to live my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that there is some day no more than 20 of November anymore.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my benefits.
For my support network, my parents, especially to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been to young young women, who I had ordered, and sometimes when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it, I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked. Other times -- it's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that non-verbal assignment, and that there should be a space that allowed people to authentically authenticate, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The brain movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very lovely. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who is known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign by defending their rights in 2007, and when their efforts were shocked in 2011, when their efforts were had in 2011, when he was taking the Jobsafuse National Prize of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when you born a child, your birth doesn't celebrate it.
It's not good, not for his father, not by his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one happy the father.
And a mother was very overwhelmed for having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he controls, and with the hope of a son, when he comes up with his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only is the mother suffering, but the daughter. The newborn daughter was born, when he grows up, he suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, he stays home and the school admit to his brothers.
Up to age 12 years, in some ways, it has a good life.
You can fun.
He can play with their friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when I go into adolescence, when I was 13 years old, he was promised to come out of her house without a male accident.
It's confined to four walls in their house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the call of his father and her brothers and his family, and if it transfers the code of that honor, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumptions of honor, not just affect the life of a guy, also affects the life of male members of family.
So this brother, sacrificing the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters on behalf of the honor of the honor.
And there's one more norm of the patriarchal societies called the Orteneced.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very support.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be heated.
It's supposed to be silent and embrace the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if it doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because you don't want to be a destination lined.
If you house it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it a desktop.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poem, "The Carder, the encourage, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of order to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
But loved brothers and sisters, when Malaya, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored to me.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mapare of Mapare, and I called my daughter so she did.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote, "Mall.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, I admitted to my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a girl in a school?"
Yeah, I have to mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for girls' life.
In a school means the recognition of their identity and its name.
An administration to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was looking at the Canadian visit form, and I was at the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the stages of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill you in your personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malay.
I've imagined all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for excitement.
I taught my daughters, I taught students, to forget the lesson of the order.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called slide.
brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called tablet.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political and economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use vessels and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced -- the little girls and the standard little man.
They suffer millions, but a few talk, and it was scary to have around those people who kill and stop when you talk to your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Malaya got up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documents and talked in every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread like a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the ninth of October 2012, they shot to burn in the head.
It was a happy day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was leaving between life and death, I whispered him to my wife, "Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter.
And he said, "Please, don't blame you.
You define the cause of it.
They put your life in play by the cause of the peace, because of the cause of peace, and because of education, and your daughter inspired yourself and joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protecting them."
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When I was in the hospital and he had severe pains and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained up.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my standard smile and the excitement in my face.
I'll put it right. Please don't worry.
It was a conversation for us, and we are considered.
But dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women -- it's like any 16 year-old girl.
I cried when I didn't end his task.
He was fighting with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malaya so valuable, expressive and economic?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the modern group of Google, where I've had a division to my card, the Vietnam X visualization division -- but all the work that I'm talking about today about brain science, I did it before I joined Google or outside my job.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you join a brain operation.
Do you keep being just as smart or not?
If you wouldn't be like this, you can be an intelligent?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurosciences.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixtures of chemicals, and try to get them, to stay alive.
More than once I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiment, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised to see how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my automation, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly amazing case for a few months, I tried to test the typical doses and chemicals for a man in a period, and I was amazed to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always attractive, I was thinking about all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past, I've known several types of things, or maybe some versions were killed.
It turned out like an extreme.
But my big surprise was that I was not trying to be a rich.
In fact, I was trying to try and make a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I got better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking -- my idea of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my point of key reference, how I have these mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to do that? Try new ideas and reconstructing situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philosophers like Hmm, Descartes and Homos look at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are people who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, to me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have lots of great mental images, really violently, well sophisticated and good.
Now, I'm working on how to take fast these mental images of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to steer the world that has the front world?
Or if a musician could extract the music of their head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups deforestated in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain, and here you can see the brain scan done by Giussani Ganges and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagined that same image.
The column on the right was created by the contents of the central column on the left -- you see that the difference is almost nuclear.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and figuring out that same picture is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is the laboratory of Jack Galapang in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recognize visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they were scanning their brains to create a great risk of brain reactions to video sequences.
And then I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new school was recorded again.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan was defined to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the depressions of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us backpacks.
We're okay about doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was done with the world's greatest brain systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open up the skull.
I don't offer that for that.
Many are providing new projection techniques by images, even me. Tell the recent MRI result -- first we should ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger images, but at this point, the larger images only offer small improvements in the resolution -- don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger images, we do better magnets.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different shortages, like making a spiritual.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort in the MRI were to make really big images, right?
However, most of the recent advances in reconstruction of ingenuity and brilliant solutions in code and development, in the transmitters and FM radio frequencies in MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns to the French radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the French radio frequency patterns, we can increase massive information that can be extracted in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not only the blood flow of blood, but the of the hormones and neuroscientists I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could move on top of language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irregulation to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices to open this door.
Anyway, you choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have a sea.
Their closet may be telling some person for the first time that love or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you've been through in life.
Every piece is a difficult conversation, and although our subjects can vary tremendously -- the experience of having lived and out of that closet is a universal thing.
It fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Side Wall California, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of last light, not to trace my armpits, to quote the letters of And France Diet like a letter.
And I will be aware that by the hotel of my short screen and for me to shave my head back, I would just ask myself a little boy, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rain of radio.
The father would immediately shoot the newspaper and the mother would release a cold, looked at her son.
But I would not say anything, and I would throw out inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into the female issues on the table.  I had the quote from Betty Frieds.
The quote from Gloria Steven.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," which I would show you.
So I breathe up and I looked at the look and my back a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist gas, just a girl with a question, "Are you a kid or a girl?
So I breathe again, I got out of cubicles near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confusion.
I have the short hair like a child, and I saw a child, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable trip.
Well, I am more of the girl of a comfortable little girlfriend."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite picture is raped and he has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that's it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the profit I say?
It was the easy conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the boat and I, both of us were honest with the other.
As many of us, I have lived in some of the walls in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the darkness, you can't know what color walls.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different to yours or yours or yours.
Sure, I'll give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was harder than coming out of the his, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The difficult thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explaining to someone who has been declared in broken bank is more difficult than saying that it's been an embrace?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your five year-old son who will be divided?
There's no more difficult thing -- there's only the hard thing.
We have to stop classifying what is difficult to do with respect to what difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our armed, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in armed, and they may make them feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are made -- a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a seal and high-speed shoes.
It was not the military lense ready to fight any four year-old child going into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear -- I was running on a corner of my dark closet, and I set up my grain gay -- and he will move only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete complete with whom I spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grain launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of them knew that I was gay, and by making my honor ladies of honor, in my black dress and hunters, walked around the tables and finally I got to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Lang."
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
"Ahmed, once you were in the Carte?
"Well, yeah, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous.
"Ahman, meet my Association Antarctic?
It's very good and never talked about having a girlfriend."
"Ahmed, what is your favorite TV show.
Will our favorite program Will and Greek.
And you know who love us? Jack Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, disappeared, but in hoping of showing her support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink chambers."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grandmother launches.
surely, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt less.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were getting out.
And what else can you ask someone, but to be published?
If you're going to be authentic.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have come in.
But I'm getting better, and I have what I like to call the three principles of the girl of the Packadas.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Be the armed. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be gene, others have to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be right. Be right. Just give it.
If you know they're gay, you get it.
If you say to your parents who might be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, more important --  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe injured by what you've done, but you never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some will feel declined, but that's something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark closet, you have a grandmother, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bolicomic.
Intercoption, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of God Diagon that "The question of whether a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim now."
When Eden Diamond wrote this as a critical to the pioneers of the computer like Alan Turing and Alabama.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
So let's go back a step.
So let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the Earth of the Earth or the Earth intelligence and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that you have no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet basically stop doing it.
And that's why I claim that this is the same question that understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I carried out several years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines -- I think, to the only underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally tuned for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible power.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a recent array of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the freedom freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked a few years ago, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues.
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E = the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a strength, F that acts in order to maximize the freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the freedom freedom of action or maintain open choices, with a force T with the diversity of possible future access, yes, to a imminent future time, touch.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like staying stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in mind this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence.
predicts the artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more desert, or entropy, in their life should have trends to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that constant cultural connection between entropy and intelligence.
What if intelligent behavior isn't only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Arging, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is in the inside.
Amazingly, Internet could pass multiple animal intelligence testing, play human games, and even earn money by buying action, all of it without being asked to do that.
Here are some examples of Architecture in action.
Just like a human foot without falling here, we see Archivity based on automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Architecture a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the poetry.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This capacity of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing away from extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Archivity can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
And influence is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of put against itself, including its potential for play.
Here we see Archivity organize new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the net well connected.
This same capacity of network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Archival organizing the routes of a boat fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal, to expand the world of the Pan-A-4 to the Pacific.
In the same way, Archival is widely applicable to problems in autonomous autonomy, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Archivity spontaneously discover and execute a strategy of comparison, all the way into a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing the assets under its exponential management.
This ability of risk of risk will have wide applications in finance and safe.
Alex Rights: What you've seen is that a variety of markets of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tool use, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of them come from a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize their freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the theory of the robot, the Rudaka play, always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion of it.
The machines get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then memorials and they're trying to support the world.
It's all of the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible futures is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
And they often ask me, "How do you look for targets from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to happen to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the freedom freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a tipping point in human history, something between the contamination of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which is pointing on the Earth is only one between billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets as well as the distance between them and their mother star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rich as the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At the same time, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this landscape of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is driving under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot recorded.
Glass and sea ice that they've been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused global scale has rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I am not a scientist of climate, nor asthmate.
It studies the habitat of the planet influenced by stars, hoping to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that you look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search search in the universe, I can tell you that the more looking for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better."
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and even though it's a little bit further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world shown by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our bones like the Curtal track their surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the March mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the analytical ideas and pieces, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize -- really foreign places compared to Mars.
Even in the smallest and more dry places on Earth the air is fresh and really extended by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other short-term planets I have a big and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this infectious self-assembly of the only planet that we know is truly hardware, the Earth.
For a long point, I like the interplanetary exploration, I am deep on this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the fact of truth will have place later on the boats saved.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and land preservation are not contributing.
No, they're actually faces of the same component: the goal of understanding and preserve and improving life in the future.
The environments extreme present in our world light as extraterrestrial pigeons.
Just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and indicators on Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- Federachuship paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked and asked the question that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of life existence until now.
Well, where are they?
Now, one possible solution to Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become the sufficiently advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and industrial exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to show the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I looked at my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see by the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open up all the other doors and windows and they were all right.
I thought about calling a brain, at least I had my cell phone, but the midnight, a brain could take a lot of time to get there, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because he had an early flight to Europe at the next morning, and I was born from my passport and my bag.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a brain at a middle night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was good enough.
I'm a professional professor and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Correct releases that increases heart rhythm, modulate levels of adrenaline and needle thinking.
And when I got to the factory counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the probability that it's total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't crash.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kamina, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and he had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a prospective retreat.
It's something that he had learned from psychologist Gary Kleyo, who had written from this a few years before, known as the premise.
Everybody knows what police is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the promise, as Danny explained -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong, then you try to figure out what you can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize your damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things we can do in the form of a promision.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will define a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the right is, where the fish are, which looks at the fruit trees, where friends live and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is grateful in the Turkeys of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows them to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the electronic sense of the rains, and you could still find your nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing classrooms from the car, reading and passengers.
So at home they slow a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular crate in it.
For their reading glasses, a particular bias.
If you go into a place and you're scanner with it, you will always be there when you look for them.
What about travels?
Take the cell cell phone, a picture of your credit card -- driving down, password, send it by mail to yourself so you're on the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases correction.
Corresponder is toxic and inferiority of thinking.
So part of the radical practice is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved self, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is set up as a proposition for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for the decision-making and social decision making, any kind of decision that you need to take about that you would benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
You all know that the high cholesterol associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to heart, break off.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol cholesterol story.
And maybe you've heard about the statues, and you know that it's one of the most realistic drugs in the world today, even if you probably know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, reading the state."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that you have to ask for most physicians don't want to talk, and the companies that are pharmaceutical even less.
It's for the NGO, the number needed to treat.
And what is this? NG: What is this?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't tell me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood underlying mechanisms.
But the estimates of Ghanavaskum that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recycled statue that you think it is?
How many people have to take it before help a person?
300.
This according to the research of the New York Group researchers and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bluetooth.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol down.
Why not? Doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and is, "Hey of the side effects. Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things -- public pain and articulate pain pain, but now they think, five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress you don't think of the class.
So think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to make the reality chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come up with the drug that you help you.
I don't say they had or not take the stage.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the principle of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that is done in the older men in the age of 50, extraction of prostate prostate -- the number needed to try to be 49.
This is what 49 surgeries for a person that he's helped to.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the power or disease of erectile disease, urban incentives, rigorous general, fecal incentives.
And if you are lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent effects just last year or two.
So the idea of promising is to think before the questions that you can plant to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this stuff in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option for many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things you talk about and think about now, with your family and your loved ones.
They can change our opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases correction under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems get off.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator. It doesn't need the digestive system, or the liberal or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with price, and they could become the lunch of the lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kamina and their colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is recognizing that we're all deforestation.
We're all going to fail every single time.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failure, to put systems in the place that will help to minimize the damage or prevent bad things that happen in the first place.
By the night of snow in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key door in the same way, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I haven't ordered and lots of email messages I haven't seen.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano, "Pete is my favorite musical symbol of it.
It means playing sure.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a person in the parallel, you need to play more sure.
Two percent, even more super.
Four percent, extremely soft foreign.
This is my drawing of a peace tree, there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of "pound may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American sign system, the ASA, as well as a little bit of my own story.
French sign language came up during the 1800s, and over time, it mixed up with local signs, and the language that we know today as Alaska.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize that it's not true to anything.
sounds are a very important part of my life, they're actually in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds, it's like I lived in an foreign country, following their rules, behaviors, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my adaptations and they amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't support the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise to eating the boat of the princess package.
"Don't erus, and when you're eating you're eating the control of the plane in the plate."
This is all called sound "partner."
Maybe I think of the most of sound label more than the average person does.
I'm super visitors of sound.
And I'm always waiting with nervous sounds, which is for coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: To decide it.
Thank you, to continue.
TBP: To announce it.
You can see that the painting doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle and sea sandwiches.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign of parallel in the Alaska.
A typical painting has five lines.
But to me, to make the self with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic religion there.
Before this time, he had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries -- and as I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has come into my art land.
Is it going to tell me more about art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through ears.
I can feel it totally, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and learn it.
I started creating a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was oblivious -- it was something like a person listeners.
And the sound is so powerful that I could help me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose that I would get worse.
There's a massive culture around language spoken language.
And only because I don't use my life voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same as and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of Alaska.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value as well as taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wasn't going to continue with this practice, I feel that I could leave myself in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, I depth in the music world.
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and Alaska.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressed in paper.
And the same thing can be said from a concept in ACLA.
The two are very space and highly modulate that means that subtle changes can affect all the signs as much as the sounds like sound.
I'd like to share you a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how the Alaska works.
So imagine a piano.
The Alaska is divided into many different galactic parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger as you touch the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, as you touch the piano -- English is a linear language, as if it would be only one element at once.
However, the Alaska is more like a charge, you need the 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear concept or idea in ACLA.
If only one thing would change the chord. It would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and shape and volume.
In ASA, by using these different magic parameters can express different ideas.
For example, the signal for that.
This is the signal of the signal in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it for me.
Oh, I was camera.
Oh, oh I heard.
What are you looking for?
Ah, good."
So I got to think, and if I see the As the As I look at Alaska through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "day, the sun comes out and it gets there.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it looks like a musical piece of music.
All day.
I feel the same thing can be said from all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "June Lake, "Light the night ...
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ASA and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one head is a hand, two hands, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, he stands. Autonomous at the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "Once "There was one time."
"Moment common is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by body.
However, when I see the word "common time, I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MIT: hand right hand -- MIT: left hand.
We have the painting through the head and the chest.
(Music: MIT, warm "large "country "How "Far "Come -- E, Mr. Carter Flag I'm going to show you a form of hand called "large "guerrilla."
Can you do it with me?
All of them in high hands.
We're now going to do it as much in the head as the chest, something like the common time or at the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "Incredible in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "connection in the Alaska.
Now, the third one. Please get me again.
And again.
It's light in the Alaska.
We're going to do the three together.
"Fall, "Longer and Liberia.
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Alaska is alive and prepared, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very audience world.
And only because the Alaska doesn't have sound, automatically no social value.
We need to start to question what social value defines and allow the CIA to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn ALS. You don't have to hear music.
The Alaska is a rich, and I would like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dean Karlita: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents were telling me, "You can scan it all, but then you have to wipe it."
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble must say, because adults lie us to protect us from the horrible truth.
As I get older, I learned that adults also inspire and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time I happened, now I'm an adult and teaching citizenship at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk down the beach with lots of barriers.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't get it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a great thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we have to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with adaptable height, so that the very low kids can also participate.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their fragment.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call "a prototype.
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform laboratories and web cameras in access and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces slowly floating through the sensor while the computer on the board will process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an estimate about the amount of plastic in the water.
We documented this invention step on a website for inventors called "Stories: hoping that somebody best even further.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and I put it together, they are trying to fix it immediately.
I could investigate my local problem: But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they go up the Internet, and they stumbled with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, only using hands, in Sandwice, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water that they band, the water where they live, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and oil are also brown color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spirituality, which allows you to see what is in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrograph that can light through all kinds of substance that produce different species, which can help identify what is in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help remote other children.
I could investigate a problem to distant -- I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and perhaps remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they set up several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant in Futury, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons. They're still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has pollution tracks for 135.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Futures radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast of the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fucker every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we report the control center -- you see the use of different masks here.
It could seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radioactive all their lives.
Together with them we discussed the data that day and talked about what we were going to do after the strategies, the endemical, etc.
And to do this, we created a routine map map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the element map, we introduced pigments to represent real-time data in real time of radio, and we ran water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust was leaking from the top of the mountain to the river system and developed in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles of nuclear, and with the help of fish from the area we were collecting services of the marine milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and built it.
Here's a programmer, we have gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical particular, basically you can build almost all of there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children are able to become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students, acceleration." Acceleration."
Counterpart Harabi: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard chairs in new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radioactive are lesson leaders, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the awful truth, because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators -- surveys, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes -- two radically opposite culture.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk story.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is imposed about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the market in blue, he saw a figure I fight for being free.
The prison was a single Minother Tongue.
But living beings are not filled.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we have all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by risks of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have documented a world made out of parts of the parts, looking at the imagination of trained designers and architects to think their objects as a display of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find an ambiguous material of homoso material in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with displayed pores with display.
The skin skin flies are more thick with little pores of it.
You act mostly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin -- no parts, no lower.
It's a system that would gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electronics.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect by working right now between the prison and the gene, between the transport and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, moving away from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they build four disciplines that offer access to the tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large scale, such as this robotic arm with a very distant part of diameter that some day not very far away to print entire buildings, and graphics made from genetically modified microbes that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the cell, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and he has created a screen where each abstract is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion debate from Paris with Iran van -- it's like a second skin made out of one piece of a single piece of skin, flourishing around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and failed 3D from between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns in the resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO class.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allows to design products that will adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues, too.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also absorbed sound.
The teacher Carter -- my collaborator Carter -- we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes some society.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in region, opportunity and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assumption, but moving continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
No parts in nature?
I didn't grow up in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what matters me.
As she relaxed, "In the third day of the creation, God sends the Earth to grow a fruit tree carried out of fruit."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, land made trees to grow trees with branches and corals, balls and flowers.
The earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would the design be if objects were made from a single piece of piece?
Are we going back to a better state of creation.
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant board on the planet is called a carbon, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms, cancer, corners and marriages.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We called it legal marriage.  We asked a bunch of shrimp champions, we moved them up, and we produced superstar cake.
Looking at chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of property, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built up with multiple extractions of extractive controlled extraction.
The robot could vary the material properties on the march and create these structures made from one material, 300 feet long, 100 percent recyclable structure.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process used to contain physical microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we include the bacteria designed genetically to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems to melody, and if it gets even more, to windows.
A fruit tree made of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp to shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to be blocked, put into the sea, feed marine life, and put them on the ground, help grow a tree.
The advertisement for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the interplanetary travel.
To do that, we must dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own elements of elements -- new forms of life created completely manufactured and augmented in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid joy, just that instead of transmitting precious metals -- they synthesize new biological officials within very small channels.
This field is called microbes.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microscopes were combined in our first piece.
The first is civilization.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater tank.
And the second, E. colleague, the bacteria that was in the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think about it as a evolution, not natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract. That will help them flow these bacteria and alter their function of path.
So we began to grow up those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of the material on desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This possible digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, is about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin internal.
And here it is, as a prison at TED, our first post-making photographer, bright liquid liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary She's said, "We are past creatures, only half of it is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase life living?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair damaged tissue and support our body?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know nature doesn't do it like this.
It grows. It adds up with sophistication.
This worm catch, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is metabolized.
The manufacturing manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations of it.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, by putting those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is given in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to hit a company of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest into a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet on the head of a silk worm.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that you would have a flat capture and still metamose sandwich.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon is transmitted directly by the environment.
They're often serving silk worms to death inside their cats, their silk gets rid of and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single cap.
They were self-disciplined and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we put us in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into more dark and more cold, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or abstractions, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute the silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to get the organs.
We asked 65,000 silk worms to a silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were ready to talk with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the advertiser, and as they were hit, they were creating, they put eggs, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and he was right.
As a hydrogen silk on the hydrogen silk southwest, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little over two or three weeks, 65 worms of silk are going 6,000 miles away.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
The poles, after the wind, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk head through a robotic arm, the other full empty composition.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
What brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
So here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we get charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them "What do you want to be about?
If you had to remember how old they had when they first asked them for the first time?
You can show it with fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be about?
They've caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be about more?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English and the mothers and the art and he developed websites, and he played the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I usually like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boring, this sense of, this is not a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, which is totally different, and I dive into it, and I let myself absorb and I feel "Yes!" I've found my mother, and then again, this point where I start to break.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions, and I would be able to get bored to boring.
Another reason why I was so anxious was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad about me not to be defined by anything.
I worried about having a fear of engagement, or being shot, or business or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have planted then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
We're asked first, "What do you want to be about?
When we're about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
It's considered an naive question to make nice answers in children like, "Be astronautic or "Bush or "I want to be paradox."
You want to show you the Department of Hall here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, a period, and high school students are asked them to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be about?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before the dream of the dream.
Why?
If this question is inspired to dream of what they might be, not inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, just the opposite. Because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though you get very well-intentioned adults and say, "Oh, what does, but you can't be an artist.
You've got to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he is a artist of violence and psychology.
And this Amy Night, the journal of magazines turned into a programmer, business and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real voice, the idea that every one of us has something that will spend for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who isn't connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that he wants to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplay.
A multinational is somebody with many interest interests and activities.
It's a bucket for that.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple and powerful and damage.
You can also use other terms that have the same idea, as a stable, refrigerator.
During the Renaissance time, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barack Shei refers to us as scans."
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a species to adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or a choice that you should win.
But what I've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths by being like this.
Here are three multi-material surfaces.
One: ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
Shari Hawking and Rachel Bionic expressed their shared interests in cartilage, data visualization and travels, mathematics and design -- by founded Mesland.
Message is a company that creates geographically inspired birds.
Sheen and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its mixture mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in interactions.
There are new ideas.
And multiple, with all their anthropologists, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the puzzles are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be primary, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we carry on, so we rarely start from zero.
Norman Dona is a completely completely independent journey.
As a young girl perfected an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanical methodology.
Before I became a writer, it was a financial planners.
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write the compelling launches for publishers to do.
It's rarely a waste of time to go to what you get to you, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability. It is to say, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Cape is sometimes director of videos of videos -- other pages of websites, sometimes conservative of Kickstarter, sometimes talent, and sometimes apparently, James Bono.
It's valuable because it does good work.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of his clients.
The journal Facebook Company defined adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unlikely that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to be able to be able to get the needs of the market, which will really thrive.
So synthesis of ideas, fast learning and adaptability, three skills where the multinational are very happy, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest in encouraging the multinational to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multimality right now, and we need creative creative thinkers.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurons.
You don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed from a specialists and a multi-size market.
The viewer can dive in depth and put into practice ideas, and the multinational offers an breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will promote the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the multinational people are actually feeding them to be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said that, if there is one thing you take from this talk, I hope that this is this: recognize the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you spend all the media.
That's where you give the best of yes.
But for the multiplemeness in the room, including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognize with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity through those rabbit shadows.
They explore interactions.
It will embrace our inner wiring that leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiple, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1900, a woman named August took him to a psychiatrist in France.
He was delighted and couldn't remember even the most basic details in his life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Alless did not know how to help August, but it would come up until unfortunately he passed in 1965.
After his death, Alaska did a self-assembly and found strange and wides planes in the Busles brain, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alaska gave him 111 years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Alexis Alzheimer's Dr.
And Atlanta Deline, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
Anticopies have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-controller treatments for the HIV and much more.
But it has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, I'll affect 150 million people, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until age 85 or more, the possibility to hire Alzheimer's being almost one of two of them.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their daily years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or love with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in the disease of Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease -- and its costs prevent a five times increase in 2050, as the generation of baby baby bands age.
It may be surprised you, but Alzheimer's most medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that cannot be prevented, cure or even balance their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of itself.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's, and causes an annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know about, but everybody says, "Albertary is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, everybody, even scientists confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that it will be honest in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you just look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to density a severe loss of memory and mental skills -- the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduced by the security of life and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the brain of Atlanta a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in paper that are peaks.
And when you fold well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules move into each other, forming groups that can form big plates and wild.
That's what we see in the patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this disease works.
There are many steps, and the idea of what happens to block is complex, like delivering a bomb.
To cut a wire could do anything.
Contrary to each other can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, the wires have reduced the cables and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, generosity, chemicals, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. It's now testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened to testing these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are peaks between them, as in humans with Alzheimer's sake.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see they heal and live normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 111 years of expected, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to get that hope to grow the Alzheimer's advantage, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, the patients and their families have been more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators about schools.
That was essential to advancing HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, their loved ones day and night, are often too disappointed to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talking for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Modern column of the New York Times in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I try to test it a night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers are turned together to ask 36 increasingly personal questions and then look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?"
Number 28, when was the last time you cried to another person?
And right?
As it moves, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like it -- Tell your partner what I get from him or she -- I know very sincere this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail actually called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, it was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love it.
I mean, we fell in love with us, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Modern love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's a golden thing, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, "Do they stay together?
And the reason I think this is because I've been asked by this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only my friends from Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably achieve a few thousand views.
And that led a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as he did, I had no idea.
The article posted on a Friday night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And Sunday had already called me the Standard Show and the Google Morgan America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was like, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to encourage trust by writing with a sense of the loving experience, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been an international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always asked the same question: Do you still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox.
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
I even gave a talk, and a woman raised up to the stage, "Hey, "Hey, "When is your novel nice?
And I immediately put me red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the reverse of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different success.
So, my first impulse of all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every petition that we both did a public emergence together.
He recovered TV interviews, and you reflect the pictures of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to become the invented icon of the income process -- a range that I didn't feel at the same way.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, I mean, if I was able to produce permission love, not just an adventure, but real love, lovely love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt about everything, that people were asking the wrong question.
How do you know if you would go together or not, and you will also say that?
If the answer was not, would I do the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first of these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for foster interpersonal openness between college students, using what Aristotle called sustained personal openness, progressive and representation.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. Several studies were used to use the rapid friendship of Aron as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was cited in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of liberal arts, and then a student came up to me and told me to simulated, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed disappeared for it.
And I said, "Do you mean you love you from the person with whom you did it?
Well, he made a break.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did you become better friends?
Did you feel that they did make you know better after testing the study.
He assured.
So, it worked -- I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I flew into science.
So I invented everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote for, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I took the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt like then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than I can really demand me.
What I find out of love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but it's going to continue to be an entirely loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love.
There may be a way for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because we love it makes us feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of the story.
The version of the story I ask, are you still following together?
And his content with a yes or not.
So more than a question, I'm going to ask you to ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who you deserve your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and disgust?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably puts a relationship, or even more, how you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love us, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing as staying in love.
It's the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We would stay in love because we took the choice to be.
And I really shudder a little bit when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that was supposed to support that choice.
It doesn't consider how many times we have to make that decision, and how many times I have to continue to do that choice without knowing before I will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and love and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily newspaper.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship in the kind of myth I don't really believe about.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end in the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love somebody, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's scary but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of legislations in the mountain and in a way, I got a kind of a forest of the forest.
It's something that really affected me but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill of a dollar, a feather and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you, because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surface and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw up all the pages and I made a kind of cartoon cald to the Agnes Martin style -- the reserve covered and a bee was standing.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I add more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it was about size, as if you looked at the text with a magnifying one.
So I did it built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs and strange bottles that I was going on in the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow through translators, draw just like you do around a country in the crime scene.
And I took objects and I created my own show of specific specimens.
First of all, Bonicats will be able to make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resident layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Scottish.
It was great, man.
At some point I get interested in human form, natural size sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I love it.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to drawing in a window and then in another window, and another window, and had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resistance.
So I did this for years, and my work culture with something very big -- I call the trailer.
And for the "proper transparent, I was inspired by the Highway of Herbreys of Herbreys Boston who is a painting at the President Museum in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the profile. I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left is Jesus and the longs.
There is a cave where all of these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh information where they hide.
This is where creatures with animals are headed to the fate, ready to kill the dough in the ocean.
The ocean is composed of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a standard.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horizon -- the public platform of the delight -- Wall, the Native bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look at very well in the ocean.
Anyway, it's also a kind of a computer.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it fits oil in a hand while on the other hand is coming up with clouds.
Your hands are like balances, and it looks like a mythological self that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a little bit of the transparent.
It's a bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a transit, like a bird bit, and you spit clouds from this trip.
It also has a $5 feet long, a snake line that binds the trailer.
Anyway, their tail is putting fire on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a balloon colonial balloon made from terrorist cards, 1986.
Have you seen it?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from terrorists.
Very close to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one called "Prosonas."
This is a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are electricity, dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they're together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped in its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can go into the inside.
I'll take you through the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it is, a kind of analogy thing.
It's a quick step of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body in half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and enter this strange statue of it.
There is a little forest in front of the typical capital.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pennsylvania World.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscience, a painting -- a musician, a radio emission, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all the people in the inside with each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with dragonfly and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hurt your head?
They take an aspiration.
But for this pill to have an effect against pain, first through stomach, internal and other organs.
Taking a pill is the most effective and industrial system so that any drug is going to be effective in the body.
The disappointment, however, is that when any drug is distant.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CEO of CO2 cells.
But they are also known for their side side effects, mostly negative. Because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they display, and worse even for the time they are going to be able to get to their destination, which is where more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph giants, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is increased and not easily enter the blood tower of patients who are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life assembled by order.
One day, I felt and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the depths of the virus, without the risk of doctors of the drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in technology, for the care of wounds and surgery of diabetes, you can use for anything imagine, including the intellectual transportation.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately, infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people say, "How is that possible?
We send a small and powerful beam laser about the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in matter of microscopes.
Before I even realized, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Peter plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask you.
Well, the answer is: through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to do an incident at the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the center of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while the laser uses again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed armor groups -- armed organizations like terrorists, interruptions or military or military organizations.
They document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand these generous agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to the nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a disposal between states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between states and non-controlled actors.
For example, from the 21st peace agreement between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, even we have to engage them or defeat them in any problem of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they didn't fight.
The armed struggle and politicians are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Helpone laughing, known for his violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Hella has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestine, known by his suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza of Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shoot away.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the Island magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising with no looting, but through the profitable businesses.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put professional training programs or microscopically marketing programs.
Hello offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state isn't property, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan developed by war or even the beginning of the rise of Islands, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 is can't understand without recognizing social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we only think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow up because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, less we can categorize them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Heliny?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, collect the trash -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state. Is it a rebels group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is the US?
The lines are demonstrated.
We live in a world of states, of nations and heroic nations, and the weaker they are the states, like in the Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to deal with these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that governance gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and put peace.
If you understand the armed groups, you will understand better how incentives to offer to encourage the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new slide between states and non-controlled actors, military power can win some battles but not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security car, to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very much, but I fear that accepting the label of "Federal Kermity" would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist but quite bad.
And therefore I was struck as a bad feminist feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Baller Feminist: and then in interviews, people started to call me the Mall Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke of myself and a deliberate provocation, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the feminists, these furry women, angry with men and who hated sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, it looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when people thought that could be female.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation. A taboo and unfortunately.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, he asked too much of it, with high self-esteem.
Nobody wants to be that female woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Eventually, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
To me, certain claims are frogs: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same thing for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, or access free or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legal control or evangelical documents.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities account.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, skills and so much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist main.
I have another conference.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music playing all of the volume.
Although the letter is degraded to women and defending me, the classic Salt Shah "Star Sharehian is incredible.
"Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Person, day, move until you hurt your court."
Think about it.
Pure poetry, right?
I'm completely intrigued by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the colleague of the ship, the card care and the manipulation maintenance of the carpet.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bactleurg" and the romantic comedy -- and I have amazing fantasies of the fairy stories that are made true.
Some of my delights are more disappointed.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose them.
We solved this problem.
It cuts the conventional feminist that has ignored or damaged historically the needs of women in color, workers and gay and transgendered women, in favor of white women, helium class and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist feminist.
It also happens this: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put fears on a pesticide.
We hope that they will advocate to perfection.
When we get rid of us, we would retreat them with a lot of taste from the same pedestrian where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider to be torn out of that pesticide before you try to get me there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as females.
They're afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear to what that tag means -- I fear not to be able to meet with little realistic expectations.
Let's take Between, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a decorated feminist in the years.
In the Avenue Music Video Cameroon, at MIT, I act in front of the word "frustrating of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the pop embracing the feminist and making women know the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Over time, cultural critics started endless arguments if Berlin was or not exactly feminist fear.
They called their feminist, instead of simply believing the word of adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of the feminist -- because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so completely a lot.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism to define the feminist of any woman, destroying it until it doesn't left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of stop.
But what happens next?
We have to be able to recognize our impressions to realize the action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear degree music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their songs until we get the change affecting their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why does his music have to be so paralyzed?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls -- decided and brilliant, and also very brave.
Where I read you for strong creatures they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is visualized as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as sport, visit the Tomorrow Play.
We can change the radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to film on another part when movies don't treat women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a bone tablets.
In any case, the men, especially white men, helicopters can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include enough of women, so much to participate like to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people.
Those of us who are underestimated but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision posts.
Because we're not a little bit of a bunch of it, without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of value and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the direct power and film producers and music, music, celebrity, legacy, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also claim our feminist foreign, well, bad, or any punishment.
The last line of my book "Mall Feynman: "She says, "Perfect will be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and the feminist helped me to recover it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to do what happened.
A few kids were struck when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as though it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after everything I don't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And he went back to me.
I grew up in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin.
I read the words of women showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also found that if I was a little bit brave, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us are the nothing that the world tries to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
We can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit valuable, when you need such a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 133 children in California had a measles to have visited Disney or to be exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Baby.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a depressed immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for over half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something super even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed the police about autism and the decision-making vaccines, highlighted and marked by being a fragment deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Do you don't believe most intelligent scientists that the theory of vaccines cause autism is a stupid?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and the pediatrician that I had heard about it was creating their entire professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates remained stable three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot.
Foundation organizations like autism Spaces are radically refer to autism as an epidemic, as if I could take another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Centers of Information Center in Atlanta, what is going on, tend to be based on phrases as a displaced diagnostic crime, and a better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of her two years, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand it, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow, clean progress of science than the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story begins with an infant psychiatrist -- Leo Kanno, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1943, Kennedy published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to inhabit private worlds -- birth to people around them, even their own parents.
They could fun for hours by waving their hands before their faces, but they were prey from the panic by often as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic -- Kannel speculated that autism is very rare.
By the age of 1950, as the main authority of the world in the subject, I declare that I had seen less than 150 cases of his syndrome, while collecting references of places as distant as South Africa.
This is really not surprising, because Kannel criteria for autism diagnosis were very restriction.
For example, I wanted to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epidemic is very common in autism.
He once came out that he had turned nine out of every 10 children in their doctor's office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Hannah was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
He classify autism as a form of childhood psychotherapy caused by cold and disgusted parents.
These kids, he said, have been very carefully in a refrigerator that doesn't disappear.
At the same time, Kannel noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that were suggested in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before the two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Belonghy saying?
But Kennedy had a bad opinion of these skills by affirming things like kids were just reclaiming what they had heard of their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers began to test the Kanno theory that autism was weird.
Lord Winney, cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of New York New York was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John was warm and affected, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sundi.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without superstar education, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague Judith Gold decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a research study in the general population.
They press a suburb of London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw left the Kanna model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, whereas others were cool in their fascination for astrolabe, in dinosaurs or in the generation of it.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in nice, satisfying squares -- as Judith said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the Washington monopoly model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one missed these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, the next year to the article of Kennedy -- and then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Hannah knew about this article of competition, but he avoided suspension to mention it in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who ran a clinic integrated with a school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and kids follow their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger's described as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of the whole life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called them their little teachers, and it dedicated to help the development of education methods that were especially right for them.
Basically, Asperger's saw autism as a diverse continuum that was going to encompass a surprising variety of donors and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in known architects known in the pop culture like social scientist and the distributed professor.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, an autism of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith discovered that Kennedy was wrong when Autonomous was infrastructure, so that parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Pssimic Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum.
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes entered the wind of Kannel by a broad and even Asperger's model.
These changes did not fall in broken rock.
Interestingly, when Lord and Judith were working between baskets to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it came up Radio Man in 1988, just a little circle, I was just a little circle, I knew what the autism was, but after the incredible act of Duke Hotphone and Ray Babylon recognition as Ray Babylon and the Reach Man recognition with four precederes of the Academy -- papers, psychologists and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of Radio Man: The changes in the criteria and the introduction of these evidence created an effect of network, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnosis began to add, as they predicted Lord and Judith in fact hoped that it was, making people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were deserved.
And so Andrew Warmant came to blame the vaccines for increase in the diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, and a seductive history of credible history as bad as the Kanna theory that autism was infrastructure.
If the current estimate center that one in 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that the puzzle is for solving the new medical advances -- by addressing the term neurological to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distribution, obviously social, and suffer from an attention deficit to detail.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, which creates that the cure for the most influential aspects of autism are in understanding teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Golay Zackstar once said, "We need all the hands in covered to read the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste not a brain.
Thank you.
